For Pain:		“I have been requesting the FDA utilizing a Medwatch 3500 form (10) to please conduct an assay to prove that generic Norco M367 does not meet the 80-20 AB rating for products in the current manufacture and distribution in the USA. There are thousands of pain patients who now realize that the product is sub therapeutic yet have no voice in the current opioid crisis.  Patients are now in another crisis, they cannot get relief from the product being prescribed.”2021For Back Pain:		“I have been on Norco for years now. I get 10/325 4x a day. Meijers' last refills have been from Amneal Pharmaceuticals pill IP 110 and feel like a placebo. No relief at all, and the pharmacy won't listen. I will now have to find a new place to fill the script because this companies drugs are worthless. Their stock price has fallen to $4.33, which tells me they are sacrificing quality to save a buck. DO NOT fill if it's from Amneal Pharmaceuticals pill IP 110. I am not the only person having this issue with their scripts from all the reviews here. Before Meijers switched to these guys, the older company was excellent and worked great, and that was from Tris Pharma Inc. G 037 pill. Avoid this company and its scripts at all costs. You have been educated by me and the many other reviews here.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“These new White Hydrocodone are terrible, but you already know that, does the companies care?
I don't think so. The yellow Hydrocodone worked like they were supposed to work, relieve the pain not make us sick. The white Hydrocodone cost a whole 1/2 of a cent less, Pharmacies do you think that your customers that get sick on this junk are worth keeping as customers? Shame on you. I guess it's more important to keep the stock holders happier.
Meanwhile some of your customers are getting sick on this junk, just to save 50 cents. Customer service is getting horrible. When is it enough. Bring back medications that work, not the ones that make us sick. Isn't the point medications to help people. Some folks these white tabs work fine that's cool, but some of us they don't. Why not carry both brands.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This is a follow up of a review about a year ago. The Mallinckrodt brand has gotten even weaker to the point where I have decided to stop taking them. They are starting to give me a NERVOUS TYPE of SICK FEELING on top of the daily pain. I will also stop making all my supplemental health insurance payments and work on a plan to become an expat of U.S. 
It is a shame I have to make plans to leave after building USA infrastructure for close to 40 years of heavy construction work. The daily, close to 40 years use of heavy construction tools that caused vibration throughout the body created multiple levels from neck to lumber of herniations and stenosis. The medications do not work anymore for reasons only FDA and CDC can explain. I pray for an advocate to start legal action to see why the medications don't work anymore.”2021For Back Pain:		“I've had spinal fusion surgery L3 a disc that literally looked like swiss cheese, replaced with titanium rods and 4 screws. Now L4 may need to be replaced. Neck/nerve damage, carpal tunnel surgery, arthritis in right hip.  Still working every day. However, I have been on Percocet 10/325mg, diazepam 4mg and gabapentin 400mg from just the first surgery. I tapered myself down from the 10mg to the 2.5mg of Percocet when they switched the yellow to the white ones. WAIT. what is this a tic-tac.  The pain was unbearable. dr switched me to the Hydrocodone and i swear I have graduated from tic-tac's to a bigger peppermint. I know these drugs are abused but damnit you have people out here that are suffering so bad they are suicidal and the DEA thinks nothing of it.  I'm sure anyone in their families suffering as we do are getting the GREAT, BRAND medications so of course it looks like they are surviving just fine.  Hello we are still legitimate  pain suffering human beings”2021For Pain:		“I was in a terrible car accident early in my 30's and was put on Loritab 10 mg which was wonderful for many years helped me to perform my job . But now at 71 years old it doesn't do the job. I'm taking 4 loritab X 4 a day, any suggestions?. Also I walk 2 miles a day an exercise daily.”2021For Back Pain:		“I'm on hydrocodone/acetaminophen from Walgreens and it's either the Mallenkrofdt or Tris brand and it's either like taking nothing or it kicks in and only lasts 5-20 minutes tops. With pain management giving you 3 daily...24 hrs, 3 pills @ 20 minutes each the math just doesn't work in the patient's favor.  And on top of that I've been having allergic reaction problems since they switched to these brands. I have a DMAPA allergy and asked if these were Canadian pharma, (loaded with DMAPA), the Pharmacist said no. I reported mine to the DEA twice already. I suspected that they were counterfeit. I was on percocet-they dropped me down (levels were too low at pain mgmt drug screen), and I was also having an allergic reaction to it as well.  So whether it's counterfeit or Canadian pharma, which both are low in the opiate ingredient and acetaminophen is not usually pharmaceutical grade.
The Watson brand always worked 2.5 hrs at least to 6 hrs at most.”2021For Pain:		“Amneal Pharmaceuticals Norco 10 mg /325 doesn't help my pain at all. I can take Lupin Pharmaceuticals Norco 10 mg & it's like night,& day. I think it shouldn't matter which company makes the medicine. There shouldn't be that much of a significant difference! If I gave a chemist 1 of each I know there's a difference..Its Terrible for chronic pain patients!  I have Severe congenital spinal stenosis & Degenerative Disc Disease”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I been taking Norco for ten years now it's not working. I am in pain all day every day. My doctor told that he wouldn't give me anything else. I told him that the Norco was not working anymore. I don't know what to do.  I can't do my house work or stand to long or walk to long.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin 300 mg. Acetaminophen works much better for me than Norco 325 mg. Acetaminophen.”2021For Back Pain:		“I had a spinal fusion with instrumentation back in 2011. I have been taking the yellow hydro tabs for almost 8 of the past 10 years. I was called by my pharmacist back in August- informing me that the manufacturer of the yellow tabs was discontinuing the product. The IP 110 are not anywhere close to being effective. They are weak and being in pain daily is no fun , to put it mildly. I have a pain management Dr. But she says my options are either this or some implant pain pump. Not gonna happen. The opioid crisis is the cause for those who really need medication to suffer because of the pill mills and unscrupulous Drs that prescribed them to those who either sell them or abusing the drug. The FDA has no authority to change this. Unfortunately I don’t think we will see any changes for the better anytime soon. It’s been politicized and the hot button topic for many in the political arena.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It works for me I take as prescribed am able to somewhat have a limited life as stenosis of the spine is very painful”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Call the FDA Voluntary report of AE event, such as product is not AB Rated anymore. 
Use NDC 00406-0125-01 on form 3500B from FDA.Gov. Request proof from independent Lab assay that this NDA meets or exceeds 80/20 bioavailability. 
We need 100,000 reports to make the FDA listen to Pain patients we number nearly 77 million in the USA.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“The only medication that works for me is the new revised Vicodin 300 mg. acetaminophen not the Norco 325 acetaminophen.
I've tried both of them and I feel like the 300 is much stronger !”2021For Pain:		“I used this prescription after a tooth extraction. After about 40 minutes of taking it I noticed a slight difference in my pain level. Within an hour and a half of consumption my pain came back in full force. This would be the peak time for this medication. It is my understanding that this is the time that the medicine would be at it’s strongest and therefore my pain would be non existent. This was not the case. I did however get incredibly sleepy which made the situation worse as I was not able to sleep comfortably with my pain being unmanaged. If you are looking for a slight reprieve for a few minutes this would be your drug of choice but as an overall pain management medicine perhaps looking elsewhere would be your best bet.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“What is going on with generic Norco? It's been over a year that there not working like they did. Now it causes migraines & stomach pains & barely relieves my back & neck pain? How is the government now checking when we keep complaining. Taking 10s”2021For Pain:		“Hydrocodone use to be an amazing medicine. 
It absolutely relieved pain, you did not get high if not abused, and it made you have a sense of well being like you could be yourself again. 

THESE GENERICS DO NOT WORK.
Every single pharma medication has different generics which have different side effects, and different STRENGTHS. 
The only brand generic that work are Camber. Even those aren't good enough. 

Good luck everyone. They are taking away pain relief. You will be given ibuprofen. Every. Single. Time.”2021For Pain:		“Saw slipped during surgery, cutting 3 mm gash in spinal cord. Dr didn’t catch it. All my spinal fluid began leaking into body cavity. Repair surgery (pulling surgical glue apart layer by layer to access the spinal cord cut left me with severe nerve damage. For last 17 years I’ve been disabled. No surgeon sees anything to “ fix”, so I’ve relied upon a drug protocol which includes hydrocodone. Originally on Oxycodone, Fentanyl, sedated 23 out of 24 hours, took 2 years to walk more than 5 steps). Something has definitely changed with Hydrocodone. I am getting little relief. Only manufacturer that doesn’t make me projectile vomit for 2 hours from just 1 pill has been Qualitest from years ago (Now owned by PAR but not nearly as effective) Mallinckrodt, Aurobindo, Aurolife is garbage. Drugs.com won’t allow me to put in link to report inferior drugs, but go to: google "How to Report Product Problems and Complaints to the FDA" and  You can file a report online.”2021For Back Pain:		“It helps my cervical stenosis and lumbar L5-S1 bone spurs plus spondylosis. I started taking Lortabs, Vicodin, Norco you name it I took it and my liver is still functioning. The mallinckrodt is good for me,I don't why people say it's bad?”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Since the opioid epidemic it feels like the DEA and FDA made the drug companies lower the amount of acetaminophen in which controls the strength of the opiate.
They just don't have any  ability to control pain.
The brand that the pharmacies carry just don't work and feel like placebos. Unfortunately morphine is the only answer , good luck and God bless.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I took two tablets in the am and two more 6 hours later and 2 in the evening for two days with NO relief!”2021For Pain:		“What was in those lovely yellow Qualitest/Parr H/A 10- 325?
I see some people didn't care for them compared to nongeneric Norco, but, over and over I see that "yellow pill".
Me too! I called 20 pharmacies in my area trying to track it down when my pharmacy stopped carrying it. No one had it, except one fellow said he could order it, he doesn't bill insurance.
After a couple months on 'Mallinckrot' I called him back but he couldn't get it any more. Apparently it's made in India, maybe that's where they have the "good poppies".
So, I'm joking, but I would appreciate hearing from anyone who actually knows, no wild hairbrained conspiracy theories please, what the difference is from one manufacturer to another????
Last Rx came from 'Camber', far worse than 'Mallinckrot'. I don't really know if they work because they won't stay down.”2021For Pain:		“My knees are bone on bone with severe arthritis and I'm climbing up and down steep mountain terrain covered with logging debris all day in my occupation. Unless I'm sitting or lying down my knees are always in pain. 10-325 Norco's really help although I've noticed a difference in varying brands. Trouble is that it's really hard to get a doctor to prescribe them because a lot of people take them just to get high and they say that Norco is highly addictive. I guess I'm an addict because I'm addicted to the PURSUIT of relief from this pain. I guess I have to live in pain until I can afford knee replacements.”2021For Pain:		“Finally figured out how to write a review 
But I would like somehow to be able to contact the people that are having same problem as me. Mine is a little complicated. 
I will say first of all that I agree with everyone that the Mallinckrodt hydrocodone doesn’t work hardly at all. 
I’ve been a chronic pain patient for a lot of years. Just turned 63! 
Been going to same pain clinic for over 7 years. No problems. Get 10mg/325mg of hydrocodone every month. Plus they put me on Butrans patch ( which limits the effectiveness of opioids of you take more than prescribed. ) no problem. 
However a few years ago I went through the deal of pharmacy giving me the “white “ pills. Didn’t even give it a second thought. I’ve had different medications that look different over the years, so thought that was what is was. 
I took the white pill for pain & seemed like nothing happened. Thought I must be “nuts “ . Didn’t  work MALLINKRODT IS AWFUL!”2021For Pain:		“I am taking this for pain, fibromyalgia, disk, hips, and other problems. Was able to live a normal life and was actually getting better under pain management with hydrocodone, until changed manufacturing to Mallinckrodt , 1st time I had a stroke and haven't been the same, found 1 pharmacy that still had some different ones and I started to heal and get better but now was forced again and now I'm back to hospital !! They argue it's the same ingredients !! Well every body and Dr says that's rubbish. If I die I have given orders to my family and Dr to investigate. And sue this manufacturer and who are responsible for this cruel awful doings !!! Making people suffer because of some who abuse the drug , they should heal them instead of just cutting them off and forcing people to suffer by making fake meds”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“In simple terms Norco makes my stomach sick and does not relieve pain after total knee replacement, but Doctor is afraid to order any other stronger medicines because of all the bad press, so people in real pain have to suffer because of a few idiots who abuse drugs.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been an R.N. for the past 25 yrs. I have severe pain in my back, arms, knees and legs from R.A.. Most days I'm crying in severe pain and this terrible hydrocodone does nothing for my pain! It is inhumane to allow this kind  I was prescribed oxy 30 mg & they always helped my pain and was able to work full time. I never took more than 2 to 3 a day. Pain management dr cut my prescription of oxycodone  down and prescribed 4 to 6 of the 10 mg hydro/day. I have been in agony for the past year because of this med not helping me! Now I have severe ringing in my ears that never goes away! I thought maybe I had a tumor & had 3 MRI's to check my ears, my head and my arteries. Mind you I had to pay a 2K deductible. After reading all these other reviews I see I'm not alone. The FDA is obviously in on this charade or they don't just don't care.  There's going to be a huge lawsuit against the FDA when this is uncovered! It IS inhumane 2 let people suffer like this, this is a crime.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“I have pain from breast cancer and fibromyalgia. I was recently given generic Norco manufactured by Lupin, OMG what is in these worthless pills?! They crumble in your mouth and do absolutely nothing. I took a second one about a half an hour later add was sick to my stomach and dizzy. I've never had this reaction from Watson, Qualitest or Amneal. When I complained to CVS I was told they just put the order in and buy whatever is available at the cheapest price. I'm a senior and feeling abandoned by the medical community. I will complain to DEA and had pain doctor put in my chart ineffectiveness. And then what?”2021For Pain:		“Used hydrocodone 10/325 for years pain in different area's.
My pharmacy switched to the Camber after about 2 weeks of thinking my pain was getting worse I realized it was the pain meds .
So I switched to another pharmacy low and behold I thought I was saved a month later they switched to Camber, it took me about 10 days to realize it happened again.
So I either stay in pain or go to another pharmacy.
So I ask you Camber pharm why do they not work very well?
Can you explain please.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin  : it is useless as all get out for pain; I find it absolutely insane and hilarious how this is the most commonly abused opioid in the United States of America. I mean I cannot wrap my mind around how this is as worth it compared to placebos. I am like, how in the dang world is Vicodin abused.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Ever since Watson brand became unavailable I've had not much luck with the brands available. I tried several pharmacies with little to no luck. I've been taking first hydrocodone since mid 1990s and about 5 years ago began Norco 10/325
My doctor never had a problem prescribing my meds and had me sign a waiver to continue use. I've been to two different pain clinics over the years and they did no good. I moved to Washington and my new Dr won't provide any pain meds except muscle relaxers which never worked. Now I am forced to buy my meds through the street from my Dr's own patients. So very wrong. What is wrong with this world!!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I stumbled upon this site after reading my recent opioid urinalysis results showing detection of non-hydrocodone narcs in my system. Possible explanation read ‘manufacturer impurities..’ which got me thinking. 10-325 Norco has allowed me to manage neck & nerve pain for years but lately I experience more days where it’s not working like other days, which I initially attributed to ageing and/or metabolism. Then a couple months ago I managed to knock my entire bottle off the bathroom counter onto a wet floor and toilet… another story in itself. I noticed as I was cleaning up that about half of the pills dissolved almost immediately in water, many even breaking on upon impact. It occurred to me that I have similar experience when taking them, sometimes they wash down my throat like a pill and other times they dissolve halfway down like a ‘tablet’. Now I Google my way to this thread and realize it’s junk meds from Mallinkrodt, and they’re the only thing available thru KP?!”2021For Back Pain:		“The Watson pills were fine and so were the yellow. I feel like I have to take two pills but still don't feel any relief. 
What do we do !!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I watch my father suffer in pain & lethargy, he’s taken this medicine for many years yet it’s changed in side effects & effectiveness. How do I get my father better pain medicine, how do I get my old dad back while he’s still here with me. Is this intentional? Are they making pain medicine horrible on purpose? How do we fix it?”2021For Back Pain:		“Been taking the yellow hydrocodone for 10 years now they have switched to the white ones they are horrible - they do not work.  They feel like they have taken the opioid out of the medication and  I am in pain all the time.  They need to bring the yellow hydrocodone back. We are in pain taking this medication is not working. I don’t know what to do I need help bring back the yellow hydrocodone please”2021For Back Pain:		“Lupine is does not have the right mixture to alleviate pain! I, very frustrated and they are doing a disservice to those who are truly in pain and needing the proper pain meds to help! 
Lupine needs to step up and admit that their hydro one-acetaminophen does not work! Unfortunately complaining to a local pharmacy goes nowhere. They are going to use the cheapest generic drugs on the market by put charge the customer regular prices for for a worthless medicine!  Please Lupin, get your act together and do something!!,”2021For Pain:		“It feels like there is NO active ingredients in these generic hydrocodones, no matter what junk generic name it is, it IS junk!! I've been getting yellow Qualitest. Last month they were o.k., not great but damn well better than this chalky headache crap I got the other day. WHY oh WHY can NO pharmacy at all no longer get brand name Norco? I swear, the manufacturers must be running batches with .0001 percent active ingredient for distribution and then running another batch with the actual 10 mgs for the thugs working there to take and sell. Or they could be switched during transportation. Either way something nefarious is going on. Cannot locate a lab anywhere to reverse engineer these things to analyze the actual amount of medicine in them, IF any! Absolutely WORTHLESS & the gov. don't care nor does the manufacture.  2 to 3 doesn't even help my pain. I dissolved one in some water to see what happened, almost instantly dissolved with a ton of lime greenish looking dye and chalk like particles floating around. Trash them!”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I get a IP 110 pill from CVS that really dose not work as well as others. But I'm stuck with them once the order is filled I don't believe the quality is there in this medication. :(”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have gout in my right foot both legs and feet be swollen back has damaged disc one is pressing on my nerve it comes around the right side to the front down to my groin very painful .  I  can’t even walk fill like someone kick me there,  then it goes down my leg to my big toe. My neck has 4 disc that keeps me from turning my head it causes migraines that make my eyes tear up . I was in an accident that damaged my neck and back hit by a truck from behind and it traumatized my neck and back. My hands have degenerate disease.  
The Norco 10/325 Brand name work very well it didn’t make me fill like I was high or dizzy it didn’t hurt my stomach I have Colitis it goes right to the pain and I walk better use my hands and think on my own 
The generic brand made me itch and break out in hives and send me to the hospital for shortness of breath. I went to pain management and had epidural injections didn’t help”2021For Back Pain:		“I have problems with pain and when I take the same medicine from different manufacturers they don't produce the same results. Where is FDA's oversight? Pharmaceutical companies are the biggest scam artist in America and our government needs to crack down on this.”2021For Pain:		“I knew I wasn't imagining things. Like so many others, a half to 2 a day gave used to give e some quality of life. One can take 3 of these within 2 hours and just end up going to bed. OUR PAIN IS REAL and no one either cares or listens! The government tries to punish the doctors, which in turn, punishes those of us in severe pain 24/7. This may seem heartless but I don't care anymore, we use our medicine legitimately & have been thrown aside to save the addicts! That's wrong!! All this did was turn them onto heroin and fentanyl. So, you've created a new problem of needle users and still dealing with OD's. You have responsible adults suffering and taking more meds than one should, just trying to keep from committing suicide from the horrible pain! I doubt any lawyer is going to risk having the watchdogs following them just to help us. All I do is cry and pray for a solution, either by someone finally hearing us or God taking me away from this. Prayers, blessings whatever your belief is!”2021For Cough:		“I 1st took hydrocodone some 5 years ago as a pain reliever after a broken shoulder. I noticed I didn't have problems with my chronic cough . So I looked it up and sure enough it was developed as a cough suppressant. Now I have lung cancer. My Dr. is allowing me to have hydrocodone. I only take half a tablet in the morning and half a tablet at night. It really helps me to have more control of my coughing. So I don't go around hacking in peoples faces. I realize it is an addictive substance,so that is why I keep it at one tablet a day. I am grateful that it is an effective cough suppressant.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“These Generic pain medications are horrible.   Many times they have NO MANUFACTURE name on them.  I am being given one now that gives me vertigo every single day, all day long.  I loose my balance, have severe headaches, nauseated and blurry vision.  These side effects have me bed ridden now.  I am drowsy and sleep ALOT.  There was a note on my account with the pharmacy to not give this brand to me, but NOW I am being told, " YOU GET WHAT WE HAVE"
I was willing to pay out of pocket for name brand, I was told " NO ONE STOCKS NAME BRAND ANY MORE.
I went to every pharmacy in our area and called ones that were not so close.  I now don't have the energy to move and take care of many things.  If I don't take them, I am in too much pain. Just as bad is the attitudes of the pharmacist now thinking it's open season on people who need these medications.
They talk over me , they talk down to me and  everyone ignores me and act like I am not a person”2021For Pain:		“I  am in pain from a shattered knee. First started taking the blue Watsons which worked wonderful in 2005 then the government cut everybody back and I started taking the 10 325 yellow Norco‘s which seem to work OK now all of a sudden I cannot get those anymore and these white things that say M367 from Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals does nothing but make you sick to your stomach, does not take you out of pain, makes you sleepy and no one else can help you get anything else. So now I’m going to be forced to switch to Percocet which is terrible for you but that’s the only way to get out of pain because nobody can help with this Norco problem”2021For Pain:		“I have pain from lupus, degenerative disc, and multiple other surgeries.  I have had several conversations with the pharmacies and the manufacturers. Even the Dr's are aware that the government has stuck their fingers into this business and altered all of the brands and one reason is due to the abuse of this medication and addiction so it makes you sick or does nothing for the pain to discourage people from taking it. Like many of you I'm dependent on this medication as there is nothing else that can help with my condition. There is one type of the hydrocodone that still works if you can get your hands on it as the pharmacies will not order it claiming it is too expensive. yellow V 36 01 by Qualitest Pharmaceuticals. I've been trying to find a way to order it over the internet but haven't had any success. According to the pharmacies around here there are a lot of people complaining about the new crappy hydro but can't do anything because of corporate not allowing them to get the right stuff.  Good Luck!”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Was just Rx’d 10/325 Vicodin from tris manufacturing. I recently found out I had several bulging disc and one herniated disc that pinched a nerve causing cervical radiculopathy . Worse pain I’ve ever experienced. I thought maybe I was given the wrong medication because I was still in agony several hours later. I don’t take these meds on a regular basis, in fact it’s been years for me. I thought I was crazy until I looked up these complaints. This terrifies me. If I end up needing surgery and this is what I get for pain relief I’m in big trouble. Something needs to be done.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“With brand Norco or Watson Hydrocodone at one a day I experienced occasional itchy nose, occasional mild nausea, occasional constipation. Now at six mallinckrodt brand hydrocodone I have no side effects? Along with minimal pain relief.. Billions of dollars are being spent on these inferior drugs. Peoples money, insurance companies, tax payers money in the trash and people suffering! What a joke the FDA is. Time for a federal lawsuit against the FDA and Mallinckrodt as well as anyone else who stood by while this is going on. This is not the solution to a few bad apples that misuse/abuse their medication. There are much more people who have been using it responsibly and it's not hard to decipher the addicts from the people who want to be able to live their lives without agony and depression from constant pain. It may be sad when abusers overdose but it's worse when honest deserving patients give up due to no pain relieve .”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Illegal is what is happening with Generic Norco! If they are claiming the generics are equal to Brand Norco, they are lying to your face. More people know what's going on and it's a secret to pretend they don't know. Its 100% rubbish. My pain level has continued to increase and my dosage has been increased to 6 a day with minimal relief? It seems doctors stopped asking if you have suicidal thoughts after initial exam. I believe the ones who seek out stronger drugs and overdose are tired of being joked around with by defective generic drugs. I'm not seeking out more pills or stronger drugs, I just don't want to be in pain and think about being in pain and how I'm supposed to live my life. A few years ago 1/2 pill to 2 pills would be enough depending on my day and how much strenuous activity I did that day or the day prior. Now 6 pills with no relief? Spinal Fusion, Disc Protrusion & RA until I die sooner rather than later. The people who responsibly use their meds should not be suffering”2021Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This particular brand with the label G 037 is the WORST brand of hydrocodone I’ve ever had in my life! No pain relief at all, as if I was taking a placebo pill.. how can you sell this to folks in pain??”2021For Pain:		“I have lived in pain since I was 33 I am now 70. I have taken the once known pain pill Lortab 7, then it went to Norco, it worked ok, but felt like something was wrong with it. I now see on my bottle it is a generic from Mallinckrodt, lately it seems like this pill doesn't work does not take pain down to a decent level of relief at all. I thought it was me that I had taken it so long that I had built a tolerance to it. Then I ran across all you wonderful people sharing your stories then all the puzzle pieces began falling into place. What can we the people do to end this kind of abuse our government is dealing out to us??? This is barbaric. Inhumane and down right cruel what they are doing to us. If they dare do this then what else are they up to I am petrified with the things I have read from all the people on here that are sharing their story. I'm ready to do a class action against”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Generic Norco used to work great when pharmacies carried the good quality brands, but now with the poor quality brands available, it is difficult to get pain relief.  I am fed up with the so-called overdose epidemic causing chronic pain patients to suffer!  States have sued the Pharmaceutical companies over it and as a result, the Pharm companies filed bankruptcy and had to sell off their sub-companies that manufactured the good quality generics!  Goodbye Watson, Qualitest, Par, Teva, etc.!  Hello unrelieved crippling pain!  
I changed pharmacies from CVS who dispensed worthless Caracao, to a private pharm who dispenses Amneal or Mallinckrodt.  Mallin is very weak and causes terrible side effects and Amneal works at about half strength.  Tris from Walgreens doesn’t work at all!  
It’s so frustrating, we need pain relief and can’t get it anymore.”2021For Pain:		“I have been on, and off, of 7.5/325, 4 per day, hydrocodone for almost a year. I am not sure what is going on with these generic pills, or their manufacturers, but these do not work well at all, and I'll go off of them, just to see if its me, or the meds. It is definitely the meds. They don't offer much relief, and its concerning because people in pain are getting prescribed these meds, and it's as if they're not the same medication, as they were years ago. I seriously think the generics aren't the same anymore, and it is extremely noticeable. I have been switched to different brands of generics, and each time they make me feel sick, or offer no relief. Someone needs to look into these generics, and have them tested for efficacy. It is very odd to go off of this med, and take it a few weeks later, and notice no pain relief, just nausea.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been taking Norco 10 for my back for years . Like 1 and 1/2 year I noticed my pain meds don’t hardly work anymore . My pharmacist informed me I wasn’t the only patient stating this, in fact about  20 patients said the same thing. I had to switch pharmacies at the advice of my pharmacist. I now am running into the same issue now at my new pharmacy. I believe they are removing the hydrocodone from our medications. When you get just as much relief from Tylenol as you do your norco ...there is a issue”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Norco for 10 years. Initially it was for pain, then dental work. It has helped control and stop all serious episodes I have had since my COPD diagnosis. I have had no side effects and no liver damage from using this drug.”2021For Pain:		“It help my neck pain stenosis bone spurs so I got against this medication I miss Watson 853”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been on Norco for severe back pain for 20 years. The potency varies by the lab making the drug. CVS uses Sun labs. Its worthless. WALGREENS uses Mallinckrodt which is worthless.  The best effectiveness I've had is from Watson . I've requested the Watson brand from all major pharmacies.  They can get it, but the insurance won't cover it.  The only bad thing about the less expensive Norco I've experienced is shortness of breath and the panic it causes.”2021For Back Pain:		“I have been unable to find an effective generic Norco. It would be very helpful if my fellow pain sufferers would actually give the name of the generic that is or is not helpful. I have been having to order small amounts of Brand Norco and suffer the rest of the time. We are all in this together, so maybe we could help each other out with specific brand names 
I have found Mallinckrodt, Aurobindo, and Par to be ineffective for pain.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I went every month to Walgreen’s for brand name Norco authorized by my pain management doctor.  Walgreen’s requested the drug be sent to their warehouse.  It wasn’t shipped and they didn’t know why.  I called Allergan who made brand name Norco and was told that Allergan sold to another that no longer makes Norco, the original drug before aka the generic versions.  The generics are all bad compared to Norco 10/325 I was taking.  They are full of fillers that cause health problems and less pain relief than Norco.

We are in trouble.  Norco and Watson were good pills that worked.  They were very hard compared to generics that are soft showing the difference right away.  I can’t list all the problems with Tris but the original drug decades was Norco and it was far better than any generic I tried.  The worst was Mallincroft that went in the toilet.  We are on our own with generics that don’t work and cause side effects.   First sign of a bad generic is big and soft pills.”2021For Back Pain:		“I take this for chronic back and leg pain.  Mallinckrodt hydrocodone was terrible for me. Simple as that. Tried it for a month and almost a little pain relief but not like Aurobindo. Mallinckrodt hydrocodone also made me nausea, wanted to vomit a few times also.  Went back to Aurobindo. Now it seems difficult to get filled. Not available in the Omaha area. Numerous Pharmacists have told me, can't get that brand.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was given vicodin 5/325 for pain after an infected molar was extracted. It was a complicated extraction and I currently have dry socket. The pain would be making me throw up, unable to function if it weren't for this medication I wouldn't be able to take care of my 2 and 3 year olds, and get stuff done for college while on this med. I only take it 2 or 3 times per day and feel no need to take any more than that so no addiction here.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lower rib excessive pain , after EKG, CT scan, X ray test all good , send home with 8 Vicodin tablets which did nothing for pain. I just  felt very loopy for 2 days and can’t poop, and it is hard trying to poop with rib pain? Well, that’s a issue , Went to chiropractor, endured a painful adjustment, to find relief, and with the help of aleeve lot less pain , This high powered Vicodin drug didn’t work foe me..”2021For Pain:		“What in the world is wrong with this Norco generic. Does not help my pain and is completely knocking me out! I cannot stay awake for nothing. People say the yellow Watsons worked, well they did. I've been getting yellow generics by Qualitest and they are worthless. I believe they were once Endo then Par. I don't care what brand you get they are ALL utter junk. They want us old folks in pain to suffer is my guess. Doesn't matter if you complain to the FDA daily, they obviously aren't doing anything about this junk. There is no way they are monitoring these generic companies and the companies know it so they are free to put this junk on the market w/ NO active ingredients in it. Try to find a Chem biologist who can reverse engineer your pills so they can analyze wth is in them. I am so lethargic from this crap right now.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been through 8 orthopedic operations, suffer with RA, and failed back surgery syndrome.  Still, I would be able to supplement my Ibuprophen with no more than 20mg per day of Hydrocodone. Suddenly, after five years, these meds don't offer anything but dizziness, a sense of illness, fatigue; it's like their fillers are put in them to make people ill.  I am scared that people could become really ill on them.”2021“Alright everyone... here's the deal:

The filler that is making our meds ineffective: PROVODONE AND CROSSPROVODONE
Our short acting opioids have a long acting filler in them now.
The most effective meds will have corn starch, a potato starch, or a microcrystalline cellulose... and bc they think we get high all day on our meds, they have replaced the effective fillers. 

But look up the filler I
Mentioned above. Read about it from FDA. 

I've had good luck getting pharmacies to order brand name Vicodin hp.

I think we should all be more scared that we will be reduced to having only one manufacturer of this generic medication potentially. 
Lastly, there are two other formulations that you can get a hydrocodone product that are extremely expensive : ZoHydro extended release and  Hysingla extended release. May God bless you in your journey on attempting to get the insurance company to cover either.”2021For Back Pain:		“I was recently prescribed acetaminophen/hydrocodone#3 by mallinckrodt. I was getting severe stomach pain then did research on this manufacturer. It helped the back pain but caused severe stomach pain. Horrible drug I will not use it again.”2021For Pain:		“went into my dentist to get temp relief from a severe toothache (so severe I can't eat, I feel like throwing up, swollen mouth and have a fever). 
The pain med he prescribed was narco. I went to the pharmacy and ended up getting Generic Narco, MFG MALLINCKRODT (5-325TB).
ALL this DID was make me nauseous AND dizzy (eyes felt like they were going to pop out of my HEAD!) and I was STILL in severe pain! I almost threw up with how nauseous it made me, and how much pain I was in! I also still had a fever! I'm going to have to go into Urgent Care just to get a different prescription to get me thru the weekend!
DO NOT GET MALLINGCKRODT!”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I also noticed the change in the effects that my Norco had on me. I have arthritis head to toe. Sometimes I feel I'll  ache all over even tho I had taken the prescribed dosage. At times I have had to take extra to stop any pain. Usually I just feel a little nauseous but better from the pain relief. I noticed the new ones that are hard make me sick. Something definitely has changed in them”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I thought my grandma was talking rubbish when she’d complain about “how bad the white hydros are.” Well, I just got wisdom tooth surgery (I am 21) and have never taken pain meds in my life. Got prescribed malinckrodt 10-325. I got more pain relief from IBUPROFEN. These are AWFUL.”2021For Back Pain:		“I recently went up to 10 mg of Norco three times a day.  I was given the yellow pill which after I researched show that is made by Qualitest pharmaceutical.
 This brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone does absolutely nothing nothing! I even called and asked my doctor if I could take extra because it wasn’t doing anything. Even after that I had absolutely zero relief. Believe me someone could take two or three of these things and get absolutely no relief if you catch my drift. 
 So how in the world do you get a chemical analysis to see if there’s even anything in there to help with pain relief. My back was hurting so bad I even had to leave work early. I can’t do anything around the house I can’t complete my job I can’t do anything because of the pain. What are we supposed to do with this company probably are not even putting the right amount of pain medication in it.  I wish there was a way to get the brand-name Norco I believe it would work but my insurance doesn’t pay for that of course.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been taking vicodin over 10 years and most of it for back pain. Now have osteoporosis, scolosis, arthritis and more.
I have always cut the pills in half and never over used them. My dr gives me 2 prescriptions a year and I make them last. I have not had any side effects from this med and take a half most of the time. A whole one only if in severe pain. Sometimes do not take them for months depending on my pain level”2021For Pain:		“I just wanted to let people know that, for me, I found that the issues that I was having with the Mallinckrodt brand of hydrocodones turned out to be a bad reaction when used with Flonase nasal spray. Once I stopped using the spray my meds started working again. I do feel like they need to build back up but they are definitely working now. I have another nasal spray that I will be going back to as I've never had an issue with it and hydrocodone. Hope this helps anyone else having issues with their meds. Process of elimination. Some nasal sprays may be interfering with other brands of hydrocodone that people have been commenting on. Its worth a try to quit the spray (or anything else you might be taking with hydrocodone) for a few days to see. Good luck!   
I changed my rating to 8/10. With chronic pain nothing ever takes it away completely. :(”2021For Pain:		“I've been on pain management for over 10 years for a failed neck fusion. I have had several different brands of Hydrocodone 10/325 including the Mallinckrodt brand with no issues, until my current refill. Its been probably 2 years since my pharmacy has had this brand but I recently changed pharmacies. Kind of regretting that move about now. They have the Mallinckrodt brand and I have had bad luck this time around with it. Someone mentioned it was like taking a tylenol and I would agree. Its not working and I'm in pain, I'm sleeping after every dose, sweating buckets and my right foot is swollen. I suggest EVERYONE who has a bad reaction to go to their website, they has a place where you can report bad reactions to their generic drugs. I believe they just had a bad batch and we need to let them know so we can get a replacement ASAP! I can't go another 2.5 weeks on these till I can get into my Dr for another prescription.  1 800 778 7898”2021For Pain:		“I had been prescribed Norco (hydrocodone-acetaminophen) for chronic back/hip pain about 10+ years ago. I could only recall that it didn't work, and that maybe it "made it worse," which seemed to be a kind of withdrawal effect. 

This week I got a prescription for Norco following a root canal procedure that was much more painful than anticipated (excruciating after effects). 
The Norco made me vomit AND it made the pain extend from my lower jaw (site of the dental work) into my upper jaw and cheek bone. 

I guess the downside of being not predisposed to addiction is having no access to effective pain relief, even for short term, post-surgery pain.”2021For Pain:		“Got prescribed it after getting wisdom teeth out and I’m CONVINCED it is placebo. Has not helped one bit, Tylenol did more to help!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had been on Loritab 10mg/500mg for years for neck and back injuries and all of a sudden I’m getting these white norco that didn’t take my pain away.  I also had withdrawals bc there wasn’t anything in  the Norcos.  Took me 2 years  to get used to them and I have to live in pain everyday.  Where are the people to help us fight to get our medications back!!!!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“We who are all in chronic daily pain can thank the drug addicts who OD on heroin  and opioids and the news and everyone else called it an opioid overdose!!!! It is rubbish!  I’ve been on Norco 10/325 for many years and at first when they were yellow Watson maybe they helped. Now whatever rubbish they are giving us hardly works. It so frustrating I’ve had spinal surgery, carpal tunnel surgery 2x, arthritis in both hands and a knee. And something is definitely wrong with my elbows. I wake up and go to bed in pain every single day. I cry at times cause of the pain and frustration and disgust that actual junkies ruin it for people who take their RX responsibly and are probably looked at like junkies by the pharmacy. I go to 1 Dr for my RX 1 pharmacy and I don’t try getting them early!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I do think it was some TV reporter a few years ago that exposed the research done by some pharmaceuticals that found a way to reduce the instant high affects with opioids that caused these continuous deadly overdoses by changing the content of the pill so that it didn't cause quick highs. If I remember correctly the FDA was requested by the govt. to do this research.  Chewing the older pills or absorbing them in the mouth rather than swallowing them brought about that instant high. The downside is that the patients on the study reported less effectiveness of the new pills for actually controlling pain due to reduced absorption.  I agree with all of the reviews stating their experiences with reduced benefits and especially the mallinckrodt.  I too have different worse or less side affects with all the generics out there.”2021For Back Pain:		“Went to get my script filled on July 2021.  I could tell immediately that they changed the formula.  They don’t work at all now.  My back hurts all the time now and my shoulders and just about everything.  I could take 1 and get relief before and also would get a little bit of energy.  Now it is like taking nothing.  Well people they finally managed to screw all the pain pills up.  Well I guess I am going to be in pain the rest of my life since they did this to the pills.  I also am getting depressed because this is not the same medicine.  I called pharmacy,  and she said it was me that I had built up a tolerance.  I know that is a lie.  They have worked fine until last month.  This should be illegal them lying to us and changing meds and now we have to go thru a living nightmare because they changed the formula or active ingredient.  I am so depressed I don’t know what to do.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Short but to the point, I agree with almost all of these posts. Broke my back in 1993 have taken every pain medication on the market (back when doctors were able to help their patients). After my 4th surgery doctors say that was all they could do for me and I would be on pain management the rest of my life. Well like most all I too have seen a drop in pain relief from generic Norco, been taking these since 2004 and used to work just fine , nothing gets rid of all the pain, but helps have a life so to speak. The past couple years I have not only experienced lack of pain control, but hives from some manufacture (Eywa Pharmaceutical, blue pill purchased from Winn Dixie being the cheapest), (along with stomach problems with Amnell) and of course (Mallinckrodt severe lack of pain management) but stuck as more and more companies are being forced out of the market.”2021For Back Pain:		“Camber Pharmaceuticals should not be able to produce a fraudulent drug called hydrocodone.  I have taken acetaminophen with hydrocodone for years never had an issue and always had a better quality of life.  Now that this camber generic is dispensed it makes me sick and does not even touch my pain and causes heart palpitations.  It's ridiculous that those who suffer with legitimate pain can't have their pain controlled.  It's unethical.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Omg I didn't know so many people were going through this dilemma. I live in pain daily at a level 4. I don't take the Norco until the pain is a 7 or above. My Norco did fine and some days I could go for 2-3 days without taking anymore depending in my activity level. I have been screaming about these generics that don't work for years. First they took the real flexeril away which worked really well. Now they having taken the Norco away and given us some serious garbage. The sad part is this: us folks that suffer with chronic pain know the truth about these generics. They put us on them and tell us they are fine. People who use the drug to get high are not our problem. There's those of us who truly suffer with chronic pain. And it's sad that our government dies not give two-hoots about our conditions. I can't take those Percocet I'm allergic. They really don't care. The Norco worked. This rubbish they have now is a joke.”2021“With these pills being as they are I will never have an operation and be in that kind of severe pain if you can’t even get a pain pill prescription filled and not get any relief!! Forget it !  I don’t want to suffer like that when they have screwed up the pain medication so bad it doesn’t even work any more.  I know with all of these reviews that I am not the only one anymore noticing the difference in the pain meds.  Thanks everyone for your input.”2021For Pain:		“I just had surgery and my Dr gave me this acetaminophen with hydrocodone generic  medicine. IT DOESN’T WORK!!!!!!!!! It’s not touching the pain. I had a 5 mill kidney stone blasted and I’m in so much pain I can’t sleep, or get comfortable sitting or laying down! It’s 1am and I’m in tears.”2021For Back Pain:		“I have had the same experience.  Pain pills don't work at all like they used to.  I take norco 5 mg and they really don’t do a whole lot for the pain.  I agree the manufacturers they use today are so different than they used to be even 20 yrs ago.  I can remember in my past a long while ago I could take one Percocet and it would last all day.  Now you don’t even feel them period.  So I totally agree with everyone here that these new drugs do not seem to have the medication active ingredient in them that they say they do.  Maybe it is time to write to your senator and ask if they can help make a change for people like us that are not getting relief from these meds they give today. I hope we can get this problem corrected.”2021“The Watson brand was great. Others terrible. What happened to Watson Norco”2021For Pain:		“Does anyone have an experience with Camber brand? 
Is it authentic for pain relief?
Thanks”2021For Pain:		“Report ALL issues to the FDA. They have a form you can submit to have the issue investigated. I just got switched to Mallinckrodt acetaminophen with hydrocodone and immediately noticed they didn’t work. The only brand of acetaminophen and hydrocodone  that worked the best was Watson since they started using all the other manufacturers I haven’t found one that works as well 

When I was switched to Mallinckrodt I looked online to find the manufacturer and found a ton of others making the same claims as I was experiencing I hope everyone is making the reports to get this stuff off the market 
There is absolutely something different about these meds the active ingredient or percent of opioid must be off or something 

Google fda consumer reporting”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had 2 back surgeries in 2017 due to an injury. My personal physician prescribed me Norco 10/325 which was working Fantastic. However, I always had a problem getting refill and he always gave me the DEA story of how he didn't want to write the script. I finally went to a Pain Management clinic. Worse mistake I ever made! The pain management doctor treated me like an addict. I have never misused my pain medication. I got so frustrated that I stopped taking them. I have not had a good day since. And of course the pain management clinic won't return my calls. It's very sad that because some people have misused this medication and the government has stuck their hands in the doctor's office that people with legitimate pain has to suffer.”2021For Back Pain:		“Posting to help others. The acetaminophen/hydrocodone orange 7.5 and yellow 10mg are what I've taken. I see many others have the same problem I did, when pharmacies switched manufacturers.) The yellow 10mg generic is made by Qualitest. No one would order that in for me, either. Express Scripts manages my pharmacy benefits, and they were finally able to help me get it through the mail. It's almost always an ordeal, and I often pay for 2 day shipping, so I can stay on the correct schedule. Even though I often 'lose' days of medicine because of federal rubbish, it's still better than the useless white pills everyone seems to stock. Have been told it's the binder that makes them work better, but I agree with so many others posting here, the white ones don't work nearly as well. It used to upset me, but now I just know that I'll have to make several calls to get it rushed through.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I understand about the opioids crisis, BUT what about the elderly that go to doctor monthly and even get random drug tested? I have been on Norco for years for RA and also hardware that my body is rejected. All of a sudden these different manufactures brand of meds are given to us and the pharmacies do not tell us that they changed it. I’ve lost 10 pounds in 30 days because of being sick to my stomach. I can only take yellow Norco, but haven’t gotten it in over a year. Even when my do doctor requests it I  I don’t get it. No one is carrying the yellow Norco. This not right. We are really hurting. We can’t get any relief!!!!”2021For Back Pain:		“I live in the area of one of US's largest urban areas, & want to know WHY do Norcos (hydrocodone  with acetaminophen) no longer work for pain??? I have been taking them for 16+ years for spinal root damage. Never built up a tolerance & continued to take as prescribed, with no issues. Now, they just don't work at all! Is this yet another way the Feds are "punishing" us for the alleged opiate crisis?? You're doing it wrong!! 83% of last year's record ODs were a result of illicit fentanyl with most of the rest being heroin & meth. Only 1.4% had a legit script for them! DO SOMETHING GOOD for a change, Washington!! This is a national disgrace!!”2021For Back Pain:		“Since being put on this medication at a lower of dose oxycodone 5 mg / 325 acetaminophen I've felt much better and an able to function and work much better.”2021For Back Pain:		“This is a disgrace.  People in pain taking hydrocodone and feeling  nothing. Zilch.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I’m 72 years old with severe arthritis and sciatic nerve pain. I’ve been taking hydrocodone for over 20 years with excellent pain relief and able to live somewhat of a normal life. I cannot sleep on a regular mattress and for many years sleep in a recliner. Lately I’ve been helping my son and daughter-in-law babysitting my 3 grandsons which is not easy. As most the manufacturer is Mallincrkrodt. The script I just had filled is way different! The pain doesn’t subside and I literally feel very sick! While I normally feel pain relief and also more alert I now feel I can’t stay awake and honestly feel horrible!
 I’ve called all pharmacies and they all use nothing but Mallinckrodt!  Also none of them have name brand Norco anymore!
When I was getting Norco when colored yellow that worked the best. 
Since the change to white it’s never been the same.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin and Norco seem consistent and without adverse side effects. I was able to work, go to school, take care of all the necessities of a busy and productive life, even with pain from Spondylosis. 

There has been a supply issue with the inception of the "Opioid Crisis". Legitimate Patients are unable to fill their prescriptions.  Mallinckrodt  brand gave me what can be described as flu-like symptoms. Nausea, ringing in my ears, headache, and general malaise.  I checked the ingredients list to see if there was anything I was allergic to in the filler. I see nothing amiss. This is a mystery indeed. 

NORCO is unavailable at any pharmacy I have inquired to and the preferred generic from Camber Pharmaceuticals is also not available. Whether this is a manufacturing issue, a supply issue or a corporate issue (higher profits from offering a cheaper generic), I do not know.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I agree with EVERY comment in regards to Mallickrodt!!! They're horrible!!!! Ive used par/Qualitest forever with my double scoliosis and severe dibilitating arthritus. Now Par can't be found and..... Mallickrodt??? They do nothing!!!! What are we supposed to do besides suffer??”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This opioid is TRASH! I was prescribed it after a tonsillectomy and it has provided ZERO relief. I’m 18 and have never taken pain pills in my life so I definitely don’t have a tolerance, this stuff is just bogus. Thanks gov’t, I’m glad I get to suffer for 2 weeks since you can’t give us pain relief!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was baffled last weekend when I filled a new Norco 7.5/325 mg prescription after a Friday afternoon doctor visit and received zero effect from the pain I was experiencing passing a kidney stone. I tried taking the pills for over 2 days. The pharmaceutical company is Amneal. I have taken this drug over the years after having oral work done or post operatively, or from the last kidney stone episode 2 years ago and have always had very effective response to it. The second day I tried taking 2 pills at a time....nothing. I would not take anymore as I did not want to put something in my body that I had no idea what the content of it was. But it definitely wasn't any kind or level of opiate. I went online last weekend to seek information and found many similar complaints over the past several months. What a sad situation for people to find themselves in, being allowed to suffer in pain and being duped. Shame on these companies.”2021For Pain:		“I have severe 50 degree upper scoliosis and 40 degree lower scoliosis. I've used Par/Qualitest brand 10/325 and it worked awesome. This Mallinckrodt brand of  acetaminophen and hydrocodone is awful!!! I agree with EVERYONE on this comment. We NEED PAR/QUALITEST brand back and dump Mallinckrodt!!! Now because of all the pain pills being wrongly used by people, us poor suffering people with proof of our conditions, we are SUFFERING!!! Something has got to change!! We NEED relief and Mallinckrodt brings none!!! Wheres Qualitest???”2021For Pain:		“I have been on Watson brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone for 12 years for Sjogrens, Fibro, RA, ON. I got a new script switched up from 7.5 mg to 10 mg. tablets. Pharmacy filled it with Mallinckrodt brand and seriously they don't work!! So angry!! What a waste, wondering how I will make it thru the next 30 days”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Completely ineffective. Taking over the counter Advil did more.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“This medication is very dull not any good for anything.”2021For Pain:		“I have been taking 5/325 mg and on occasion 7.5/325 mg generic Norco. I changed pharmacy one time and was given Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand (M366 on pill). I have had some psychological disturbances since starting this current round of meds from this company. Not sure if it is coincidence but I am extremely concerned!!! Someone, anyone who reads these reviews, can we investigate this company? I see other people have mentioned this as well. What is going on? Thank you.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Absolute garbage. Ibuprofen works better for my tooth pain. I ended up doubling my dose and still no relief. I don’t know what the manufacturers are doing to pain pills these days but it’s wrong on so many levels.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had work related back and neck pain. I have had surgeries before and generic vicodin worked great. I haven't had any luck with Lupin generic norco. I have half a bottle left and won't take anymore because it doesn't work. 
I worked in the pharmaceutical manufacturing for decades and have learned that 80 percent or more of all generics are now made overseas. FDA rarely inspects plants and have no legal jurisdiction there. 
If you want to know more about the quality of your prescriptions, check the book Bottles of Lies  or look online for one  or more of her interviews.”2021For Pain:		“I am am in pain from Degenerative disc, shoulder surgery. Yes the acetaminophen + hydrocodone with imprint T257 (Camber Pharmaceuticals brand) is rubbish! The big white ones are better. Sad.I need this relief. Also just got a molar pulled/crushed out earlier today.”2021Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Watson 540 we're the very best generic brand”2021For Pain:		“Excellent generic product I have chronic pain 24/7, due to immune illnesses. This pain pill from this company last for me six to eight hrs and I only use one a day. I am very happy with this product.”2021For Back Pain:		“These do not help my pain at all.. rate it 3/10.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“No I don't have a pain management problem - I have a pain problem! Nobody understand a damn thing - pain is pain! Norco works wonders.”2021For Pain:		“I was 9yrs old when I was diagnosed with SLE. It was a new disease and not coming at all in youths. I suffered from severe arthritis. It was crippling, my knees would swell so bad or my ankles I would basically have to crawl, it was awful.
Later on I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia severe osteoarthritis austerities i need 2 knee surgeries. 
I’ve had close to 12 surgeries I’m broken down. At times my pain is so  bad I just cry. I’ve gained 50 pounds cause depression and COVID. I decided to restart physical therapy so I can get stronger for surgery.  I’m beyond out of shape. I’m stretching yada yada....
Long story short I’m in soooo much more pain it’s beyond terrible. My pain pills do not work. They haven’t but rather than saying anything I’ve just deal it with it.  I just don’t know what to do anymore.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“CVS had generic Norco by Sun pharma NO vomiting, migraines, upset stomach. CVS had Aurobindo generic , pain was 8 after 2 tablets a 7, nausea bad.  I wrote CVS CEO and he told pharmacist to order a brand that worked for me. Pharmacy manager got ANGRY and refused to fill my pain medication  then she told my doctor, I had to go to pain management doctor. First visit the Dr came in said I read your chart you’ve had everything done to try and help your pain, so why are you here. I explained, I’m here because of a pharmacist,  I explained he was shocked a pharmacist could do this and with all my surgeries. A pharmacist would complain about four pain pills a day. Dr wrote my RX added do not fill with Mallinckrodt, Aurobindo or Amneal . 2 years no problems last few months CVS said No Sun REALLY !! Every pharmacy refuses to order other brands and every pharmacy I call says we only carry Mallinckrodt .The FDA said if no one calls to complain , then things won’t change”2021For Pain:		“I get very helpful information from this website.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I am reading these reviews and I’ve had the same experience. It does matter who the manufacturer is. I’ve been using Lupin! And I’ve noticed that it is the best. It does what it is supposed to do! I recommend it. The others mentioned are all garbage!”2021For Pain:		“I'd sure like to know what is going on with these drug companies that make Norco and in my opinion and experience have changed their formula. I"m having an awful time finding a manufacturer that doesn't have terrible side effects or one even works. How do we as consumers of this particular drug make a complaint.  Why do I have to suffer as a legit patient in chronic pain have to pay the price for the countries opioid epidemic?  Then, to top that off, when I am calling around to find out what generic brand that a particular pharmacy has in stock, I'm literally treated with disrespect like I'm a drug dealer calling in.  I've got legit allergies to the fillers in some of these manufacture brand and now I'm told no pharmacy can special order me the brand name Norco by Allergan.”2021For Back Pain:		“It doesn’t do anything. I got headaches from the pain. Norco 10/325 is useless.”2021For Back Pain:		“These are bad meds, I get sick, my stomach hurts and doesn’t help with pain. Why??? Horrible med that is just anti addiction by making you sick. Both the 5 and the 7.5 don’t help pain and make you sick at your stomach. Why must we suffer??”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“The only medication that relieves my back pain and reduces my recovery time by several days. Although I only use it 2 or 3 times a year to treat episodes, my new doctor won't prescribe it and I'm back to severe pain and my recovery time has tripled once again. NSAIDS and PROFERNS are useless. I thought doctors were supposed to better one's quality of life and manage their pain. Have an appointment with specialists that will cost me my retirement savings, but I have to live!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“What is going on with the Norco pills these days? I've been getting the name brand Norco made by Allergan in the 7.5, when I filled my script this month, I swear they have no opiate in them and it's straight tylenol, I've been miserable this entire month,  no relief at all, and I don't sleep at night due to RLS something isn't right.  I used to take generic Watson never had an issue but when most pharmacy switched to that Mallinckrodt manufacturer I had to quit taking due to severe allergic reactions.  So, after reading these comments I see I'm not the only one, now I don't know where to get meds refilled,  pharmacies are doing something different for sure,  these pills look the same but something is off, and they thought people would not notice, well I did right off the bat.  Ridiculous”2021For Pain:		“I have been taking the 7.5 hydrocodone for pain due to fibroids and ovarian cysts, which will be removed during my hysterectomy. I usually have no issues with how well my medication works. In fact it has helped a lot to keep me functioning, until my surgery. However, this last fill on my meds has me wondering if some companies aren't adding enough of the actual pain medicine to the mix? I can tell a HUGE difference in how my last fill of medicine is not working. It is as if it is half of the dose per pill. It really made me wonder why a company, Mallinkrodt, would not safely see the medicine is actually what it says it is, because I can tell you, it is not nearly as effective as the brand I was using, until my pharmacy switched it on me. It seems to me that could be dangerous to people. Anyway, thats my opinion. I just don't think it's right if they expect people to not notice the difference,  when clearly there is one.”2021For Back Pain:		“Recently I have been getting generics like Lupin.
It doesn't work that well, I wondered if I was getting a placebo.
I sat in pain most of the day.  These fat little white ones just do NOT do the job. The yellow football shaped ones work, these don't/ What a shame we have to suffer.”2021For Back Pain:		“I am a disabled and retired hard working American who can no longer work due to pain in various parts of my body back neck shoulders. I’ve been able to live with my pain and continued to work for 20 yrs with the use of Watson Norco Mallinckrodt pills.  Now for some reason during my 1 week  of taking my refilled prescription noticed lack of relief and headaches joint pain and breathing problems and  took my pills out and noticed that my pills have the imprint G036 and not the most recent M366. What?? so I went to back to ask Pharmacist if been given wrong pills? No you have a substitute because the brand Mallinckrodt is not available and being supplied by Tris which may have different fillers. What? And they didn’t think it was important to tell me this. Some one needs to address these people or someone may really get hurt. Playing with people’s medications should be a federal offence.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm given an RX whenever I need it of the 5/325. I suffered combat x2 injuries in Iraq and Afghanistan
I only use this when I really need to and for me it's very effective in fact I break the tablet and a half so I'm only using half of one of these doses and I've never had it not help me. 
Its made by Mallinckrodt
No issues at all 
I'm extremely safe using this medication and again only when I need it of course I have pain every day but not enough to make me take this every day and I don't want to ever become reliant on something to feel better and that may be one reason it works well for me
I also combine mild exercise when I can do it and using a hot tub as water therapy helps tremendously
Heating pads help too”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Feb 28,2021
I've been getting my prescription Norco 10/325 from CVS and lately they haven't been working on my pain. So I called my doctor and mention it they suggested I try a different pharmacy could be manufacturer so I did.  I tried Walgreens worse decision because they gave me a brand called Mallinckrodt. It don't help at all with pain. I've had really horrible side effects bad weigh gain, head aches, depression, forgetfulness.  Never again.”2021For Back Pain:		“I am in Chicagoland. The last few months on this med have been so bad for me. Most acetaminophen with hydrocodone don't work (6 or 7 brands available now--but only 3 of these my pharmacy can order due to thresholds or whatever) Mallinckrodt & Amneal are two awful ones--2 helped, Aurobindo & Lupin, but are now unavailable. Now on Tylenol #4, which only has me borderline sane--very little effect on my nerve pain level. Reading here, the best bet is Qualitest brand hydrocodone, but I cannot find a pharmacy that can/will order it. I am going on 65 yo in a few weeks & have no quality of life. I SHOULD be productive at this age, but need help managing my pain. I am ready to give up.”2021For Back Pain:		“I have been rx'd Norco for severe back pain, is this drug a placebo? I shouldn't still be crying in pain after taking 2. I see someone said the Mallinckrodt brand was worse than a placebo, this is absolutely 100% true. Also CVS lied to them, there are other brands but they're all junk as well. I changed pharmacies because my new pharmacist said he knew all about the Mallinckrodt junk and NEVER orders it. So now I am getting the yellow Qualitest and for the past 8 months I have gotten maybe 2 out the 8 rx's that worked, the other 6 seemed exactly like Mallinckrodt. WTH is going on? This stuff actually makes you feel terrible and makes my ears ring non-stop. It's almost Iike someone is switching them out, like taking the legit medicine and replacing it with blanks.”2021For Pain:		“Was prescribed generic hydrocodone with acetominophen following rotator cuff surgery.  Took as directed and got absolutely NO alleviation of pain.  Spent 27 hours in agony.  I have been prescribed brand-name hydrocodone in the past and it worked well.  It's almost impossible to convince a doctor that the generic isn't working.  I've never had this happen before with a generic drug.”2021For Pain:		“I just started taking these pills produced by Tris for about 3 months. I have experience much more constipation and it doesn’t help the pain. It works more like a sleeping pill. It makes me sweat and taking one does not help at all. Drs will say the generic is same as brand WHICH IS NOT TRUE. I CANNOT FIND THE WATSON BRAND OR ABBOTT ANYPLACE ANYMORE. Also taking two doesn’t help and really stops you up. Also it seems like the pill has gotten smaller. I am told never to take any more than 1 every 6 hours. But your make up of the same pill that Watson makes or use to make doesn’t come close to doing or stopping the pain. If there is another pain pill I could get I would. I can only say get your pill up to where at least it will help stop the pain.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been on both 5/325 and 7.5/325 after different surgeries and both dosages worked well.  It's my trusted painkiller that causes the least amount of side effects.  I prefer the lower dosage because it's easier to discontinue when the medication runs out.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Norco 10/325 after extensive ankle surgery to repair tendons and remove a bone spur.  I have taken Vicodin before, so I knew that the combination worked well for me.  I was given a week's worth and I think it may have worked a little too well.  I tried to cut the pills in half when I noticed my supply was getting low due to the pill regulations, but I still experienced horrific pain when the Norco was discontinued.  I don't like this dosage at all.  However, the medication itself works well.”2021For Back Pain:		“Generic  acetaminophen with hydrocodone ie generic Norco 10/325 is in no way, near Brand Name. Doesn’t matter what brand, they all have weird side effects, an do nothing overall, for the pain. Tiredness, confusion, and overall weird feeling. They should all be fined for making such inferior products.”2021For Back Pain:		“I don’t understand why there’s such a difference but a 5mg Vicodin name brand is as or more effective than most 10mg generic. The Watson generic is the best I’ve taken but still doesn’t work like the name brand. I wondered if others noticed this until reading reviews. I don’t know why there’s not guidelines on how medication is absorbed and effectiveness, I can’t afford to pay several hundred dollars more for to get name brand so I’m stuck with whatever generic the pharmacy has at the time.”2021Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Some pharmacy's carry 5/300 acetaminophen with hydrocodone 
The 325 is rubbish !
The amount of in it is acetaminophen rubbish !”2021For Pain:		“I have noticed the change in my hydro's too. (T259). In part it is a problem with the fillers being too hard to dissolve properly . This may not help those of you who have side effects but I simply chew them up thoroughly. In fact I have found I can get by on a half of one. When I started these pills I took 5 mg and was doing fine for years. Maybe your doctor will prescribe a 5 mg dose in twice the quantity. Maybe that will help”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Malinkrodt acetaminophen with hydrocodone(M367) is less effective than a placebo. How can they legally offer that product as hydrocodone? I asked my CVS pharmacist what I could do to prevent them from dispensing it the next time...even at an increased cost...and he gave me some gibberish answer like there is no other manufacturer available to them. Maybe it's a Govt plot to wean people off the pain meds by giving them this garbage.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“M367 is garbage its works like crazy! Its really  hard  to find  Watson 853. Mallinckrodt is terrible garbage. Watson at least cured my pain I have stenosis  in the cervical/neck C5-6-7 plus L5-S1 Spondylosis hurting.  I don't feel any withdrawal from norco its a Good drug but you have to be careful my liver enzymes  go up. Watson  853 is the best one”2021For Pain:		“My pharmacy just started stocking KVK Tech hydrocodone.  Does anyone have experience with this brand?  Please report on the efficacy.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been on Norco on and off for 12 years. No withdrawal whatsoever I miss the Watson 853. The M367 is garbage got find the Watson or better generic in Walgreens. I need to find a little mom and pops shop because these ones feels like a placebo! I'm hurting with cervical Stenosis and Lumbar Spondylosis.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I actually respond well to Mallinckrodt M366 acetaminophen & hydrocodone for 2 years. 
Walmart switched to Camber T258 which are useless even at a higher dose and impair sleep where M366 actually improved sleep if taken at the right time. 
On a pain management contract so I guess changing pharmacies is only option. Now to see if they will disclose what they’re going to dispense before hand.”2021For Pain:		“The Malinckrodt generic norco 10/325 is utter rubbish! Shame on them and FDA. I’m glad I found this site so now I know it’s not in my head. I just wanted pain relief from dental surgery and what I got was nausea, headache and my stomach was so bad  I was literally rolling around in bed holding my stomach moaning. Not sure what’s worse the pain or the nausea and headache from these pills! All of us can’t be imagining this! These pills are poison!!!  SHAME ON ALL INVOLVED!!!!!!”2021For Pain:		“My recent refill is awful. The pills look different, I don't know who makes them, but as someone mentioned, they may as well be sugar pills. I can't sleep, my pain is not helped, and my hands are shaking.  Why does this so often happen? We are told this is the same med, but it clearly isn't. 
 Is there a way to find out if the one I took before this month still exist? I wish I knew the number, all I know is they are not the ones with T259 on them. Another bad generic is UO3.”2021For Back Pain:		“I’ve recently been placed back on acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10/325 by the VA as some pharmacist decided I was on something too strong to bring me in line with new guidelines set forth by DEA and CDC, on account of “Opioid Crises” with absolutely no regard for my trouble with pain.  VA uses Mallinckrodt generic which has always been the most worthless generic acetaminophen/hydrocodone on the market.  I suppose I could make it work if I took more than the recommended dose at a time but not going to.  Stay completely clear of Mallinckrodt as your wasting your money, I’ve know this for at least twenty years.”2021For Back Pain:		“I have been on pain medication for over 15 years, now the acetaminophen/hydrocodone don’t work, I have taken chamber, Rhodes, and a few more ! I am not sure what going on with this pain medication they use to work, every since the so called opiates abuse of pain medication these companies can do what ever they want, hope this helps someone.”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I've been taking Norco for 10 years I've never had a problem but my pharmacy changed to this pharmaceutical company mallinckrodt and I'm literally taking one pill every four hours and it still doesn't work it takes 30 to 40 minutes for it to take effect so I sit here in pain. it just seems that there's something wrong with this drug I've never had a problem before I don't have an addiction to these pills I've been very careful only to take them when I need them.”2021For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have suffered with the pain of chronic RA for the last ten years. This past month the Walmart pharmacy switched my hydrocodone to the brand Camber. They offer zero pain relief. Honestly I took a baby aspirin they gave me more pain relief that the 10 mg acetaminophen/hydrocodone camber brand. Maybe if these pharmacies pharmacists suffered from RA they would start demanding the manufacturers of these junk generic brands be tested because they cannot have any opioid pain medication in them. Suffering in the mountains.”2021For Back Pain:		“I've been taking norco generic 7.5/325 for awhile now with the imprint IP115 (AvKare, Inc. brand)and for the most part they do help. I just got a new RX and these are wes302 (brand = Eywa Pharma Inc.), these do absolutely nothing for my back pain.  These are junk!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Train track worker 30+ years and am in pain - non cancer, non hospice palliative care pain. Stenosis.. Multiple Lumbar and thoracic disc nerve intrusions.. (herniated) Cervical Schmorls Nodes from the daily many hours of tool vibrations. Severe Heart Disease. High blood pressure from daily pain. What would happen if people on depression medication was cut off? Why are State Health Departments sending letters to doctors  treating people with legitimate pain that can be seen and proven from medical testing while they are responsible to guard the medication they take because it is life saving to warn doctors about their prescribing? Doctors will not tell you about those letters. My guess is because pain medications give legitimate people with proven pain quality of life and keep them out of revolving doors in the medical community where salaries are very high. People in pain need a good law firm to bring class action suit against profits before compassion.”2021For Back Pain:		“This medication is effective if your lucky enough to get the right brand or a good generic!!! T258 camber brand norco is junk ! They don’t work at all and Aurobindo is just as bad with horrible side effects !!! I have been on this medication for 15 + years I don’t see how this is allowed to pass QA. The  FDA  need to stop messing with people! They think switching formulas will stop over dosing when all it dose it hurt the people who truly need it. I personally am now gonna have to call pharmacy’s and look bad asking what brand they have because I refuse to have a 3rd month with CAMBER brand. I’ve been on several different brands again stay away from CAMBER and AUROBENDO it’s only side effects in a bottle with no pain reliever!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This didn’t stop or calm pain at all, I had my elbow put together with a plate and the norco did nothing to help me with pain”2021For Pain:		“I've been taking this hydrocodone 10 for over 12 years now and last month my pharmacy gave me a generic brand made by a company called west. This didn't do anything to help with my pain but I can tell you what it caused. I started to have gallbladder and liver issues. I also couldn't move my bowels almost all month. Not to mention the constant sick feeling and falling asleep all day and night. 2 days ago I went for my refill and I got the same kind I used to get before this last time and within the last 2 days my liver and gallbladder is no longer hurting,  I don't have that sick feeling and I can stay awake all day now.”2021For Back Pain:		“On this drug for 15 years for nerve damage. No problems until I received a fill with Mallinckrodt. Little relief, lots of side effects. Found "better" brands--these brands are just not the same as in the past (where did THEY go??), but at least they helped. Anytime something helps, it disappears at some point(?) Now I got a fill with Amneal -I hadn't tried those. (I NEVER paid attention to "brands" until Mallinckrodt! Any change before was seamless!!) Amneal has 0 pain relieving properties! Nothing but side effects in a bottle! Cannot take these for another 30 days! Nausea, sweating, HEADACHES- side effects++!  What works--anyone??? I have NEVER lost a script, lost my meds, sold my meds, had my meds stolen & I am writing this, so obviously I haven't OD'd!!! Does it matter? Apparently not. Living like this is NO life.”2021For Pain:		“The old yellow hydros with the checkmark were the best for helping my chronic pain. Now all pharmacies have the mallinckrodt M367 white ones which may as well be sugar pills. Very little effect if any, the government just can't stop hurting all of us who actually need pain medicine due to all the other people overdosing. No idea how the FDA hasn't done anything about this!!! Terrible!!”2021Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco just isn't the same. I get more pain relief with the added benefit of an anti-depressant with Tramadol and Tylenol and NSAIDS.”2021