For Back Pain:		“After 4 lumbar surgeries, pain in my legs and lower back were extremely intense with a maximum sitting time of 10 minutes before pain reach a 9. I worked with a pain management clinic and was prescribed hydrocodone. This pain reliever helped for about 6 months and then the pain seemed to have increased to an unmanageable level. I worked with the pain management center and was prescribed Nucynta ER 200mg. The combination of Nucynta and Hydrocodone provide a level of pain relief that makes life tolerable. I can work a 45 hr week provided I have the pain relievers. Without the pain relievers I would likely be not able to work. ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had 3 surgeries regarding my spine. 2 neck operations, 1 low back discetomy. I have been diagnosed with degenerative disc disease. I have elected several times to go without the medication to see how my body responds on other over the counter medications. Nothing worked. I also tried alternative medication prescribed from my pain management doctor to see if that would work, it did not. I have been taking Lortab 7.5 for 6yrs now responsibly and without it I have very poorly controlled pain.”2013For Back Pain:		“I have chronic lower and upper back pain.This is the only medication that takes the pain away and allows me to work and go on with my day without pain.”2013For Cough:		“Horrible sore throat combined with nonstop coughing.  It was painful to say the least. Took the Vicodin and stopped coughing.  I had tried everything over the counter, teas, honey lemon, vaporizer, vapor rubs, hot showers, etc.  This is the only thing that stopped the coughing.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Been in terrible pain for two years. Finally went to doctor, went through typical steps of pain meds....tramadol, Mobix then finally Norco. What a relief.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been taking the Norco 10mg/325 for a month now and they work great for my back and hip pain.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works extremely well for my pain. Chronic back pain and dislocated hip joint. Works better if taken as soon as pain begins. Highly addictive and well known street drug. Never tell anyone, teenagers, thst you have them. Take only ax needed as needed because of tolerance build up.”2013Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“Works great.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Dating back to 1960, it seems like I've been plagued with pain every day of my life. Most of the time a small amount of aspirin will eliminate the issue. But there are days when almost nothing will end the pain. Since I began taking Norco 3-4 years ago - up to three, 10-325 mg tablets a day, life has been a genuine pleasure. I'm still experiencing daily pain. But it is very seldom severe. And when it is, that's only because I forgot I'm 74 years old and spent the day working in the yard like an 18 year-old.

I can't begin to name all the pain-killers I've used in my life. But Norco is, by far, the most effective.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Given for back pain due to ruptured disc it works fairly well. Thanks”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I got injured at work from my upper back part, affortunally it was a mucle spam, the pain make me felt on the floor but after dr. Seen me he prescribed me  hydrocodone/acetaminophen and it really works, the pain was there but not strong like the first day every time I miss a dosis pain came back but it disappear after every dose. They work very good.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I'm a former parole officer who suffered a back injury from a parolee assaulting and escaping from jail back in 1989. I had tried everything for relief of severe back flare-ups that occur and the resulting pain I have in my back, legs and neck frequently. Norco was prescribed by my doctor about 3 years ago and I cannot believe the results from this medication. I am very happy that this medication has allowed me to carry on a normal life again.”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The one side effect that I didn't see listed under side effects was itching”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Vicodin as a rescue med for migraine. I've only used it 3 times but have had to cease using it because it makes me itchy all over my body. I don't get a rash, just very itch, it drives me nuts. 
I was taking 2 x 10/325 tablets (after taking 4 mg Zofran). It doesn't completely take away my migraine. I can still function. I need a little nap, then I can get up and work, drive car etc. It did wonders for my neck and back pain I am currently getting physio on, but it hasn't been a wonder rescue drug for migraine. I've been given a different narcotic rescue med to try. Hopefully I won't need to use it. I am on Depakote as a preventative and use Cambia as an abortive. These both work well, especially if I take the Cambia early.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“The only thing finally found without too much acetaminophen that doesn't upset stomach and helps the pain.”2013Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Very effective, helps daily motivation in terms of getting going without that shocking, nagging pain. Its depressing but helps the body function where without the medication its demotivating and furthers the negative aspect of ones well-being and self worth toward a productive life and social feeling of being needed. The medication simply assists me to function where without I am no longer an asset to anything up to this point in my life, including my own self esteem.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“In my experience this medication is pretty good but the only problem I have is, it makes me itch. My pharmacist says its not an allergy because I don't have a rash. I have found, if I take it soon enough after pain starts, it does pretty good at controlling it.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Two major lower back surgeries, was in major pain ! A Doctor told me about NORCO and I tried NORCO with great success for 10 years. I realize that is a long time to take this! I now have pain management special Doctor and have tried other products to stop the pain. I have always came back to the NORCO 10-325 because it did the job for me. NORCO 10-325 gave me my life back. My pain is under control with this product. ”2013For Pain:		“Excruciating pain from swollen ear canal, whitehead on floor of ear canal in front of ear drum, and Otitis Externa. Began working in about 1 hr (Lortab 7.5/500) in 350 lb grown man. Took first time at approximately 12:35 PM, made me sleep from 1 to 5, didn't wear off until about 8:20 PM.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Had two failed back surgeries and started taking Norco 10/325 with great success. without Norco pain level 8-9, with Norco 5-6.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Had back surgery. Disc replacement. Back spine fusion.”2013For Back Pain:		“I have taken hydrocodone/APAP for a few years now and it does quite well for my physical pain. I have the flattest feet in the world. I had broke three bones in my right foot years back and just recently had surgery on both of them. I find that this medication helps with the pain from my feet and lower back. ALSO, which I think is a different but a nice side effect, is an elevation in my mood and reduced fatigue. It in fact is almost like coffee. Overall, great medication.”2013For Back Pain:		“I have been taking this medicine for at least six yrs. Although Percocet works far better for me, this does help take the edge off enough for me to get about a bit. It is also wonderful for coughing. I take 10/325. I also take Soma 350mg, which is for muscle spasms, it works wonders. You might ask your Dr. It helps me tremendously.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Fractured and wedged connecting vertebrae put on the 5's for many years. Now with another injury to the back moved to the 7s the first time taking the 5S made me drowsy for a couple of weeks but nothing since does its job.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have sciatica and have been in bed for 1 week.  I've been taking Lortab 7.5/500 but it doesn't seem to work very well for me. ”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Stepped up to Norco 10/325 over about a 3 year period and have found it to be very effective in treatment of my low back pain. However, after a while my body does build up a tolerance and my doc recently also added tramadol. So far, so good. Awaiting an epidural block to get my legs back from pain.
I haven't had any negative side effects to note.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Good.”2013Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have arthritis in my back, and without this medication I could not make it.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had a total knee replacement done back in 2008 and I have been on Norco 10 for over 5 year and they really do work for me.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“When I got ran over by the 18 wheeler, tried everything. Chiropractor, Physical therapy, tramadol, etc. nothing stopped the pain. Lortab 7.5 is only thing that works. Take 1/2 in morning, 1/2 at lunch, and 1/2 in evening. Just watch for dizziness, nausea, and I guess that's a side effect. I feel loopy and detached a little, but it's better than hurting all the time. Most definitely don't mix with booze, made me sick as a dog. Also watch your tolerance. One day tried to take a whole one and had to lay down.  Just be mindful it hits everyone different. Hope this helps.”2013For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been taking Vicodin 5/500 for the past four years for rheumatoid arthritis and Osteoporosis. I tried Norco 5/325 when I had my knee replacement and it made me drowsy with a brain fog and nauseated. I asked my surgeon to give me Vicodin and he insisted  that it was all the same.
I continued to try the Norco and just did not like it so I called my primary care physician and she put me back on the Vicodin. What a relief. Vicodin really helps my pain. ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“The best relief I felt when I took them.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab allows me to work a physical job.  Without it, that would be impossible.  It does not remove all the pain, but it helps with the severity of the pain.  I am careful that I do not overuse it.”2013For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Very well tolerated”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have Fibromyalgia, I have tried standard treatments for this condition and nothing has worked except Norco 10 -325 twice a day and Tramadol 100 mg  two times a day.I have been on this same does now for 4 years and it does the job. The only side effect that I notice is with night time leg cramps I have tried to see what caused the Leg Cramping and I am determined it to be the Norco. When I stopped taking it the leg cramps went away. I adjusted the time I take Norco and no longer take it after 5 in the evening and it seems to help. I alternate the Tramadol, take my dose in the morning about 6am when I wake up and take Norco at around 10am and 5pm and then Tramadol about 9pm and it works perfect and seems to control my pain.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Good.”2013For Back Pain:		“I had an semi truck accident that required cervical fusion. My back was damaged also but I refused to take the lumbar fusion. I'm permanently disabled now. I have been taking Lortabs 10/500 mg for my pain since 2008 the 10mg Lortab worked but it made my groin area hurt at times. So my doctor reduced the strength to 7.5 Lortab. It stops the groin problem and both meds, 10mg an 7.5mg Lortabs help my back pain.”2013Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have a blown out knee and major back issues needing surgery on my back and a knee replacement also two out of four left shoulder ligaments are torn in half. If not for Vicodin I would not make it through a day. Only side effect I have once in a while is constipation and upset stomach. I've been on this pain regiment for four years. There are good days and real bad days where nothing helps.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works great, better than all the others.  ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Problem developed with inability to have proper bowel movement. Difficult to overcome until I was told to take Dulcolax with each dosage of Lortab 5/500 or 5/325. Cleared problem up. Gradually "got off" Lortab by slowly decreasing dosage over period of about a week as recommended by physician.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This little pill saved my life. I fell off a roof 14 years ago and been on Norco for 6 years and they have been great I can almost work normal, I'm an air conditioning man. I can perform almost all my tasks, great pill. Would recommend for anyone.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Severe neck and back pain.”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been dealing with Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis since 2003. A rare form of the disease that only affects 10% of the MS community. Many people know someone with MS, but very few with this form. To this day I have been repeatedly reminded by the medical society there are no known medications to treat this condition. Vicodin 10/660 has helped with the variety of MS pains and has also eased the mental stress and allowed me to think clearer. I have been allowed to try everything in stock but always come back here. I have not drank alcohol this entire time frame and use Miralax daily to avoid constipation. Hope this helps and God bless.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had 2 level cervical fusion in 2001 and now need 2 more. Norco doesn't seem to give me pain relief when pain is 8 and above. Now I also wear Butrans pain patches and I swear by them. They do come with the usual side effects but combined with the Norco I can survive 10 plus pain.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I started taking Lortab after I fell 22 feet in a hunting accident inMmarch of 2012. 4 months ago I learned that I had Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy, severe nerve damage, beginning stages of osteoporosis and arthritis, and bone fragments left in my ankle. Lortab was a God sent. It truly is the only thing that gets me through the day although there is still pain. It's nothing compared to what it would be like without it.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been taking hydrocodone for a almost 3 years for back pain (spinal stenosis) the dosage has been increased from 2.5 to 10 MG. (gradually, over a 2 year period) and although it does not take away all of the pain, it DOES help quite a bit. I struggle with the fact that I need the pain meds, and on occasion, I stop taking it for a few days to a week, hoping I can make it without it, THAT'S when I realize just how much it helps. The bright side is, I've discovered I can just stop cold turkey, without any withdrawal issues, and I'm truly thankful for that. ”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking 5mg Norco every 3-4 hours during the day for nerve pain that resulted after a Total Knee Replacement  which was three yeas ago. It has been very helpful and I am able to function which I could not do with a pain level of 8 plus. I have not had any side effects except for constipation which is managed by taking Swis Kris, a herbal supplement. They say Norco is usually not helpful for nerve pain, but it helps me.”2013For Pain:		“I was in a car accident several years ago the Doctors gave me this medicine. It helped very well. But taking it for so long I am getting used to it. But for the most part it works better than anything else the Dr. has tried.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication is prescribed 10/350mg up to 4 times per day - or as needed.  I normally take it 3 times per day.  It is the only medication that has not caused stomach bleeding problems as aspirin did; has not caused liver damage as Tylenol did; and has not caused kidney necrosis/nephritis as Advil did.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My previous doctor prescribed Tramadol for diabetic neuropathic pain... ADVIL worked better!  After 2 ears I switched doctors and my current doctor prescribes Norco.  Wonderful!”2013For Back Pain:		“Issues at L5/S1, muscle spasms and two injuries. Been taking Norco 10/325 for two years. Great relief for lower back. Within an hour I feel 100% better. Depending on severity I take 1 to 3 a day. No adverse effects. I am not left in a stupor and can function in daily life.  Another important factor is the amount of Tylenol. Very minimal and easy on your liver.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It really helps me. I have back pain and leg pain after my surgery which is still healing since 2005.”2013For Back Pain:		“Worked well if only taken occasionally.”2013Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have a back injury of my L1 through to L5 vertebrate. Compressed and causing my discs to protrude and press on my spinal cord also have degenerating discs and spinal stenosis. I'm only 38 but had injury when I was 4, car accident at 25. These made a World of difference. I'm prescribed to take 6 a day but only take 3-4. I can take one and in 45min to 1hour I can bend over to stretch and feel my spine which would feel stiff and locked up separate. It doesn't take the pain away completely due to the extent of my injury but definitely kills that UNGODLY and nagging pain and gives me mobility.”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Over the year's (I'm 75 now), I have used Vicodin 5/325mg for a range of things: had stable fracture of spine after a fall, broke one shoulder in 3 places, and the other a couple year's ago.  Have chronic back pain and if gets bad get an prescription for it.  A few surgeries:  prostate, hernia, gall bladder, several dental procedures/surgeries.  In each and every one of the mentioned cases, the Vicodin has been the pain management of choice. It frustrates me, that after a doctor prescribed a couple of times, they are reluctant to further prescribe, siting the addiction factor. I've heard that doctor's tend to UNDER PRESCRIBE because of this.”2013For Back Pain:		“It help my pains quick, but it also upsets my stomach (yes, I eat). It makes me sweat, light headed, vomit a lot when I take this medicine. Sometimes, I want to quit taking it, but this the only medication I ever took that really help the pains in my lower back.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been on Norco 10/325 for over a year.. it helps me be normal, being that I have a slipped disc, pinched nerve and stenosis. It doesn't take the spasms away, but I haven't found anything that does. If anyone knows of one that works please let me know I've tried them all. I just hate that because people can't see an injury they think you are not in serious pain, I hurt everyday and would love nothing more than to just be normal.”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with severe chronic pain due to herniated disc which causes sciatica.   I have tried everything over the counter... NOTHING WORKS.  Yet, one Vicodin and the pain finally went away.   Unfortunately only temporary.”2013Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I fell flat on my back and have been using this for 2 months.  It works but really wakes me up! I need something else that makes me a little more sleepy.  ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works good on my back pain.”2013For Cough:		“I have had chronic obstructive pulmonary disease for the last 15 years(C.O.P.D.). And of course, coughing has been a very troublesome problem for me. About 10 years ago I pulled a muscle in my back and the doctor prescribed hydrocodone for me. I noticed immediately that relieved me off considerably. It also helps me breathe much easier. I believe it is a very effective cough suppressant.”2013Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been taking lorcet for about eight yrs now and although the pain goes away this medicine is highly addictive because if you are depressed or feeling down this medicine will make you feel great but after long term use after it starts to wear off. I get very agitated and my attitude changes but I still take it along with depression meds. Best advice I can give is take it in moderation.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medicine takes the edge off my back pain without making me feel dozed out. I've used many different brands in the past, but the Norco 10mg/235 works better for me than any of the other generics.”2013Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have Marfan's syndrome and I have horrible lower back and joint pain and this medicine and a nerve pain medicine really helps me be a mom I need to be.”2013For Pain:		“Have a broken pelvis, knee, tibia plateau, ankle, and hand as a result of a car accident. Helps a lot taking the edge off. I do find it keeps me awake when I take it right before bed though.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“If you have nerve damage or had a back operation your doctor will give you most likely 7.5-10mg. The only problem I see is it loses effectives after about three hours. But it will help relieve back pain along with nerve pain. I would tell you if you have nerve pain, and have been dealing with pain for awhile, ask your doctor to start off at the 10mg. ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab, best pain medicine ever, if I have to take anything for pain it would be this.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“When dosage meets pain demand, such as , "Take 1 tablet 5 times a day , every 4-6 hours for pain, this medicine with a maximum Tylenol dose of 325mg is very effective in treating medium pain.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This Medication Is The best pain medicine I have tried. I've tried Codeine, Oxycodone, And all those over the counter meds. Hydrocodone By far has helped my nerve and back pain. I'm only 16 years old and I have alot of Back problems (Scoliosis, Spondylithesis, Herniated disk, pinched nerve) And Leg pain. I take 1 tablet 3 to 4 times daily as needed for my pain. It takes my pain away within 15 minutes! It's a wonderful medication. I love it. I've been on Lortab 7.5/500 for about a year now.”2013Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin ES was needed for my chronic pain due to Multiple Sclerosis. My condition is really controlled.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication worked well for my pain after a C-section, but after 3 days I began to experience horrible nausea and headaches. The nausea caused me to strain my stomach so I stopped taking the medication and experienced headaches several days after quitting. Overall it was an effective pain reliever but, for me, the side effects were too much.”2013For Cough:		“This is the only med that worked for my uncontrollable cough. Even codeine didn't work, and I couldn't get to sleep. If I take 2 teaspoons I start to hallucinate so I stick with 1 teaspoon of the syrup.”2013“At first it did not help with my pain. I have what is called DJD a condition that effects all of joints and is very painful but after it built up in my system I can move a lot more freely with not as much pain. Give it time it will help trust me.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works excellent for all types of back pain associated with disc or nerve problems.”2013For Pain:		“I have no history of "bad health" and being a 20 year old female, I was shock to find I had kidney stones. The pain was horrible and unbearable! I was given hydrocodone-acetaminophen & literally within 8-10 minutes the pain was no longer there! You do feel a bit drowsy in my case, but pain free. ”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medicine is a god send. I have 3 herniated disks in my back and sometimes can not get out  of bed. Thanks to this medicine, I can have a good quality of life and do the things I need to do. It has helped me tremendously!”2013For Pain:		“I have Diabetes which caused my painful neropathy in my hands and feet and all other pain medicines the doctor gave just put me to sleep.  I am taking hydrocodone and it manages my pain and lets me live normal.  I only take as needed.”2013Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been taking this medication since 3/11 due to a compression fracture in my lower back suffered in a car accident. I can say that it has never completely taken away my pain for the full 8 hours as indicated between dosages. In the beginning it at least made the pain tolerable and I had to take it every 4 hours to at least get that level of relief. It is now 1/13 and I've been on it for almost 2 years. It does a decent job at pain relief for about 6 hours provided my level of activity is not excessive or strainous. A lot of days I find myself counting down the minutes from hour 6-8.”2013Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Took this medicine to treat pain from surgery.  Stopped taking after two days.  Nausea, vomit, light head, dizzy and headache. Glad I was able to pinpoint the association with my misery and Norco.”2013