Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“You get immune to them relatively fast. I've been taking them for 4 years and have built up a tolerance.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I ended up with Restless Leg Syndrome from Chemotherapy I was having for cancer. My doctor prescribed Lortab because I also had back surgery that I now have arthritis. It works great on both. I only take it at night and it is amazing. 10 minutes and the restless leg symptoms are gone and so is my back pain. ”2008Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this one year after a microdiscectomy on my lumbar spine.  The pain was pretty strong and Vicodin didn't really give any relief.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am 50 years old and have had severe rheumatoid arthritis for more than 6 years. I was taking Advil like candy for years until I was diagnosed with Arthritis. My 1st Rheumatologist put me on 7.5/750's 3 times daily and it worked well. After changing doctors after major Lung Surgery they sent me to a Pain Management doctor who put me on Duragesics then MS Contin. That sure got rid of the pain, but the depressant effects of Morphine based medications made me miserable. Hydrocodone or even Oxycodone work very well as long as you don't abuse them. I'd wish more Pain Management people would get off the Morphine dependency. This kind of treatment makes it hard to treat pain after major surgeries.”2008For Pain:		“Does a pretty good job.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab has worked alright for me to ease very severe pain caused by misaligned verterbrae or insufferable toothache. Unfortunately it also has a very significant habit to give me hallucinations, not visual ones, but audible. I wake up in the middle of the night hearing things that are impossible, such as if I was standing in the middle of the highway at rush hour (worst case) or all the 'normal' sounds in a house seemingly tenfold magnified and loud.”2008For Pain:		“After having maxed out on the highest dose of tramadol (Ultram) my doctor offered me this. It is good for my spinal arthritis pain. I am doing more daily tasks than in a long time. But in 1 week now I sometimes have to fight grogginess most of the day and would only consider driving if I absolutly had to, half a tablet makes me feels stoned and I take the smallest dose. I did take this after my gallbladder surgery and it was very good.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It took away the pain but it made me very jittery. It should not be taken unless in severe pain and follow doctors orders exactly.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Lortab 10's for a few years now due to a rollover accident I was involved in. Had neck surgery, which involved placing a metal plate and screws in my neck. Still had severe neck/shoulder/back pain for almost a year after, with the Lortab and Ms Contin I am able to do things I would have never been able to do since I was in so much pain, but like people say here, follow your doctors instructions.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Was very beneficial when taken with a muscle relaxer for extreme pain in neck and arm. I was also taking Naproxen.”2008Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medicine works great for me. Along with 20mg of oxycontin every 12 hours. After 25 years in severe back pain thank god for the inventer of oxycontin.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“On a positive note, this has helped me to live a pain free life . I have severe diabetes, peripherial vascular disease which causes severe leg pain and cramps, especially at night. Since I work with kids, in a big high school campus, I am able to work and contribute to socitey, when taking vicodin once a day.”2008For Cough:		“As my name suggests, I am a believer and user of natural medicines and DO NOT let doctors "practice" on me. I research and use common sense and logic when dealing with prescription drugs. This drug (hydrocodone) is an excellant cough suppressant.  It works by calming the urge or spasm that makes us cough and can be used in conjuction with an expectorant(like Guaf or Mullen Tea) if needed. It can be ground and mixed with cough syrup. Be aware of the dosing, especially when dealing with children, promote responsible drug use.”2008Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have a problem with my rotator cuff (shoulder) which causes extreme pain.  My doctor put me on a anti-inflammatory drug and Vicodin ES for the pain. I was almost pain free.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take this for my back and it helps me so much. I feel no pain at all. I get mild mood changes but nothing severe.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab is quite simply a Godsend. I have cerebral palsy and severe rheumatoid arthritis, and even after going on maintenance medicines for RA and CP related spasticity, I still had days when the pain was almost unbearable. I've been taking Lortab as needed for a few years now, and the difference is dramatic. I agree with those who say don't take it when you're not in pain, but honestly, provided you *do* follow your doctor's instructions and take it only when needed, I consider Lortab an absolute wonder drug. On my bad days, I wouldn't be able to remotely function without it. With it, I was able to take a trip across the country with no problems whatsoever (and ended up needing less Lortab than usual).”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“Was prescribed lortab for alot of dental work that I'm having and I found that it really took care of the severe pain of abcessed teeth and it worked so fast. No real side effects except for dry mouth, and constipation; both taken care of with staying hydrated.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been suffering from migraines for over 8 years. This past time the doctor ended up giving me vicodin to relieve the pain and get rid of the migraine. And I am loving it, as long as I take the vicodin when I am supposed to I am without pain. The only bad thing about the vicodin is the dry mouth and the fact that I feel detached from everything. But I can live with those two things in order to get rid of a migraine. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who has a migraine and can't get rid of it (I had mine for over 2 weeks before going to the doctor)!”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco works great for severe knee pain and migraines.”2008For Pain:		“I am using this not only for chronic pain due to a bulging disc in my lower back, but for post-surgical pain due to laparoscopic gallbladder removal. It works. Just make sure not to get constipated..especially post-surgery.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have two ruptured discs in my back which cause severe pain.  Lortab has been a great pain reliever.  I would recommend it to anyone with a severe pain problem.”2008“Hydrocodone is a great pain medicine. I have discovered that 5/500 was upsetting my stomach. My doctor switched me over to 7.5/325 which made a big diiference in helping control the pain and didn't upset my stomach as the 5/500. I take this medication for problems with my achilles tendon. Thanks doc. Back to work.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had 4 back surgery's in the last 5 years. I now have two 21 inch Titanium rods in my back. I am still in constant pain. I take Norco for my back pain 2 to 4 times a day. It has helped a great deal. I have been taking this for 4 years and it works better than all the rest I have tried.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have RSD a nerve disorder caused by a broken ankle. This is the only medication that gives me relief from the extreme pain and burning sensation you get with RSD. I'm so happy with the results along with my nerve blocks.”2008Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It has helped with minor pains extremely well, but provides little relief for major pain (herniated disc for instance).”2008For Pain:		“Is best for when I have moderate or mild pain from pancreatitis.”2008“Works great for my Fibromyalgia pain.  It allowed me to do so many things pain free.  Great medicine for pain!”2008For Pain:		“I had back surgery in 12/07 and used Hydrocodone before and after the surgery.  It helped a great deal.  I recently fell because of an arthritic knee and landed on my back.  I had reherniated the same disks that had done surgery on. Doctor put me back on Hydrocodone and I now have some relief.”2008For Pain:		“Have had fibromyalgia and interstitial cystitis for 15 years. It has progressed over body and bladder is shrinking. I am on disability. Between the Lorcet 10's, muscle relaxers, and occasional Xanax, I can function a few days a week. The pain is never completely relieved. I always have breakthrough pain but with pain medicine I can function a little bit better as they take the edge off. A positive attitude and a sense of humor helps a great deal.”2008For Pain:		“This medicine was great when I broke both my tibia and fibula. I used to have to time it and take 2 about 40 minutes before I thought I would need to get up and move. It was great though. I have a weak stomach so I found myself often getting nausia from it but if I ate something small with it I wouldn't feel queezy anymore.  All doctors should instruct you to wean yourself off it slowly so you don't experience withdrawl.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“I had been prescribed this for pain but had caught a cold.  I read that hydrocodone is used for cough, so I tried it.  I had one of those coughs that just doesn't let up and makes you nuts because you can't sleep, eat, talk, etc.  Within a half hour of taking a Vicodin 10, I finally stopped coughing uncontrollably.  It worked better than the codeine I had taken years ago for cough.  I only needed it for 2 days for the cough  and it was a lifesaver.”2008For Pain:		“After breaking my nose, this is the only medicine that took away all the pain. ”2008For Pain:		“Without this medication (I am in need of back surgery), I wouldn't be able to function!”2008For Pain:		“My doctor put me on 7.5mg for bulging disc. They help me get up in the mornings and I am able to work a full time job. I think that they work great. It is a shame for people to abuse them. It took my doctor a while to give them to me because of people abusing them but they are wonderful. Thanks doctor for helping me live a full life.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Take it for nerve damage. It's really good.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I took it (2 a day) for a few weeks for a compression fracture and it helped not only that but the constant arthritis in the lower back. I also took it some years ago, knowing only the generic name and not associating it with 'Vicodin', for shingles. Nothing short of heroin can eliminate shingles pain, but this did a pretty good job without any sign of physical dependence. I will request a continuing prescription just for the arthritis.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The norco works great for breakthrough pain. Does not last too long. You can double the effects of this drug if you take Tagamet 30 min before and you have an empty stomach. Also taking soma with this will increase the strength and will last longer. I guarantee if you try this you will thank me.”2008For Pain:		“I am currently taking 2 Hydrocodone every 4 hours.  Without it, my pain would be too much to handle.  My surgery is in 10 days so I will be on Hydrocodone until then.  Thank goodness for drugs that can take the pain away - if just for 4 hours.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I recently had an accident where a board hit the side of my ankle at a racing speed. About 20mph impact to my ankle, and a broken cuboid, 2 torn ligaments, and a broken ankle cap. I was prescribed (M37) Vicodin. I take it 3 times a day and I live pain-free. But one side affect ive noticed is constipation. Sounds funny but its true, taking vicodin on an empty stomach avoids this.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been having considerable reconstructive work in my mouth lately.  It is very effective in controlling my tooth pain as long as I take it on an empty stomach. ”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I find Norco a great working pain releiver if taken before pain gets worse. No side effects for me.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Ive been taking Lortabs for well over 9yrs due to a accident & they work, no side effects,no addiction trouble, just take as doctor says. work better then anything else Ive tried!”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works well, but lasts only a short time (i.e. 2-3 hrs)”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking lortab-5 for a separated shoulder i received playing racquetball and it works very well to relieve my pain. You must follow the directions given by your Doctor, take exactly as directed. If you do not experience any pain to not take lortab, only take when needed please. I have no side affects with this medication which is good because many other meds do. Will only be on this medication for a short time. Please use with caution.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“I used Norco for two years, at the dose of 2 10/325 every 6-8 hours. I was being treated for loose stools and pain as a result of colorectal cancer.  Don't know what I would have done without this medicine.”2008Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have a lower fractured back due to a car accident. This midicatition is the only one that takes my pain away and lets me function normaly. I am a preschool teacher so I have to stay on top of job and Vicodin defenatilly helped me do that. Just make sure you eat a good meal before taking this, other wise you may become nauses”2008For Pain:		“I had to roll myself out of bed each morning and wake up every night just trying to turn over in pain, it hurt so bad I used to cry. I also have restless legs and arms. They gave me this medication and I am so thankful. It is such a blessing for me. It seems like a miracle when I go from being unable to walk upright to being able to move pain free. It stops my legs and arms from moving too. It is the only medication that has helped. I want to thank my doctor for helping me have some quality of life.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on alot of pain medicines since I was twelve years old, due to endometriosis. After thirteen surgeries, and abundant doctor visits with their many accompanying prescriptions, my doctor finally tried Norco 10/325 two twice daily for the pain, and it worked. ”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've found it very helpful.”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was in a serious car accident and severely injured my leg. It was put back together by metal but I am in chronic pain. I currently take Vicodin ES and live a pain free life. This medication is extremly helpful in allowing me to lead a normal life.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take this for nerve pain now and it helps me more than Cymbalta or Lyrica. I take 3 of 10/500 Lortab it usually take 30 to 40 minutes to take effect and usually gives a burst of energy or gives the motivation to go and get things done, like washing the car, going to work, etc.”2008For Pain:		“I have been prescribed Vicodin 5/500s for over a year due to chronic headaches from a severe sinus problem.  

They work great.  However you have to be careful.  You will build a tolerance over time and need more of them to have the same analgesic effect.

Secondly they are habit forming.  If you are on them for a long time and need to use them often, as I have, you will most likely become addicted.  As I have.”2008For Pain:		“hydrcodone 10/500 works great for my fibromyalgia symptoms....especially at night to get a better sleep.  But from experiennce it is very addictive...I only take it on days when i absolutely need it”2008For Cough:		“This really helps. DO NOT TAKE MORE THAN PERSCRIBED!”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am 22 years old and have had 2 micro-disc surgeries on the L5. The first on 1/19/04, the second on 7/19/04. I'm 5'10" 125lbs. For a couple years I relied heavily on Ibuprofen due to lack of insurance, and was taking 8-16 a day depending on weather conditions and working conditions. I now have insurance and have been taking vicodin 500mg up to 3 times a day for almost a year now and live a more painfree life.”2008Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had 15 kindey stones in the past 16 yrs. and have been taking Vicodin HP for the past 2 yrs. and they work great for the pain”2008Anexsia (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Worked better than Tylenol w/codeine #3 and Carisoprodol.  Worked great for back pain.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab I have found to be the only Pain Medication that get's along with the medication that I'm taking. The side effects a mild compared to the cronic pain that I have 24/7 in order to walk if it wasn't for Lortab I would be bed ridden.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Best drug out there for pain”2008Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My wisdom teeth are impacted and I have several cavities and I am waiting to have surgery. My doctor prescribed Vicodin for the pain and it works very well as long as I continue taking it every 6 hours. I can tell when the medication wears off, because my jaw starts to throb.”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have an unusal side affect to this drug.  It takes the pain away (YEAH) but it also wires me.  It should make me sleepy but it speeds me up.  So not only is the pain gone but my house gets clean too.  YEAH!”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have spinal stinosis and have tried the gontlet of pain relievers.  I have found Norco to be one of the best that I have tried.  I take one number 10/750 every 6-8 hours and I find it keep's me feeling the best I can with the condition I have.”2008Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had a severe back injury and have been off work since Nov '06 and I first was on Vicodin and that didn't work anymore so they had put me on the Norco to cover the pain. It works wonders and I take 1-2 around every 4 hrs. BUT it has became very habit forming and I don't see an easy end to trying to cut back or get off these pills. They work great for pain but be careful!”2008Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab 5/500 is great for Fibromyalgia pain, Migraines headaches, and just about any other type of moderate to severe pain.”2008Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Vicodin for back pain and it does take the edge off.”2008