Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I would give this (Norco) an 11 if I could. I had a labiaplasty and all they prescribed me was 800mg ibuprofen and Tylenol 3. Neither one worked very well. I happened to have some Norco left over from a work related injury (back/neck/shoulders) and the nurse I spoke to said it wouldn't work very well for this sort of pain. Well, sorry to say, she was wrong. I feel pain free and relaxed for the first time since my surgery. I think I will actually get some sleep tonight. The pain was a level 10 (imagine getting your genitals caught in a bear trap... that's what it felt like--constantly)... right now it's at probably a 1 with only minor discomfort. Check with your doctor before using it and never mix with other medicines!”2014For Pain:		“It's really good when it comes to pain. The only thing I did not like how sleepy it made me feel. But it is a good medicine to take for any type of pain.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I did 6 years active duty with the army as an infantry soldier. I've been in the Iraq war in 2004, and the war in Afghanistan in 2006. During combat I've been in 6 IED explosions. A gun shot through my left shin, nerve damage to my whole right hand.  Compressed 3 disc, and shattered 1 in my lower back. I have Traumatic brain injury which causes horrible migraines. I've been on everything since 2007...Oxycontin 80mg, 30mg Roxy's, 125mg fentanyl patches, morphine 60mgs, etc. Currently I'm on 10/325 Norco 6 times a day. I've grown dependent and tolerant to opiates. But Norco is by far the best medicine to make my chronic pain tolerable. And the side effects are close to none. I highly recommend this for chronic pain.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have tried different medications (Diladuids, Percocet ) as I have had 2 knee replacements and another because 1 became infected. Vicodin has been better because of fewer side effects.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Best if using to think that this medication was bumped to schedule II on October, 6th 2014!
It helps with pain. But must see the doc every month, which is a painful journey among other daily activities that can burden those who have permanent back damage, or Chronic (close to permanent back pain) ~back pain. 
Best to get 10mg dose, then able to break and take less or more depending on the day, pain, movement anticipated, etc. 
”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I'm taking both medications for pain after my back surgery.  It works but pain comes back about an hour before I'm scheduled to take another dose.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Over the past 7 yrs. I've been on every painkiller known to man. Currently what works for me is Fentanyl 25mg patches and Norco 10/325mg for breakthrough pain. Disabled due to severe back(lower) pain, both hips broke, right knee with osteoarthritis and my right Achilles tendon was torn up by a 
dog. My combo allows me to function somewhat for up to about 4 hrs before pain level starts rising and I have to stop cause sometimes the pain gets so bad that the meds don't work. Fentanyl is not for everyone but I would suggest to anyone dealing with severe chronic pain to try it.A patch last 3 days and I have no side effects from it. No constipation either.  I thank my lucky stars that my doc found this combo. I still have bad days but very few.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have back, shoulder, neck, & knee problems. I also have been diagnosed with severe migraine disorder. It is heredity and so painful that you basically can't do anything but lay in a dark room and pray it goes away. I have four boys 15, 10, 9, & 1 yrs old. I feel bad when I get in any kind of pain, because it stops everyday living. I have been on Lortab, Percocet, Vicodin, tramadol, Mobic, Cymbalta, Maxalt, Imitrex, & many more medications. I am now on Norco 325/10 & Soma. This works so much better than any of the other medications, even the stronger ones. I also take Fioricet for my migraines, after reading these reviews I see people take Norco for migraines which I didn't know. Maybe I'll talk to my doc about not taking Fioricet anymore.”2014For Pain:		“Worked well in the management of pain from carpal tunnel surgery. The two side affects that I have are restlessness when trying sleep on the first day taking it. Second is constipation.”2014For Pain:		“I got 3 of my wisdom teeth removed and these provide the perfect level of pain management”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“No lessening of pain in legs.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was in a recent accident. I was hit from behind. I had to go to thee emergency room. I have a Concussion, Lubosacrial Strain, Cervical Strain etc. I have not taken to much of the medication yet. I rate this medication a 8 because, it helps you sleep and it helps with the back pain very good. Not too many side effects. I have to wear a cervical collar for awhile and I was diagnosed as having Acute head Injury. I hope all will be ok. ”2014For Back Pain:		“I've been on Hydrocodone 10/325 for almost a year now and it works great! I suffer from chronic sciatica pain caused by L4-L5 disc. It dosen't get rid of the pain completely but it makes it more tolerable.”2014For Pain:		“I have had my tendon behind my knee cap replaced, the left side of my skull about half is a plate, Arthritis in both wrist, (not good as I was a professional Drummer) and Norco works. Now it doesn't take all of the pain away but, a good majority of it. ”2014For Back Pain:		“Significan Arthritis at L4,5, and S1 with no surgical options.  Muscle spasms that will put me on my knees and I'm over six feet tall; long way to fall.

I've been on 10/325 for about five years; that's a long time.  I take ONE a day usually late afternoon.  Typically I get a little drowsy but can work through any residual pain until bed time.  Oh, I've also got two artificial knees thanks to my service in the US Navy.  And this stuff works on the pain from them too.  Yes, artificial knees can still hurt you.

I'd prefer to have the back pain dealt with at it's source rather than it's symptoms, but to date, no one has any idea about how to do that.  Until then, I keep a bottle of pain killers near by.”2014For Pain:		“Migraine headaches have plagued me for the last 5 years. They are a daiIy occurance and I wouldn't wish this level of pain on anyone. I tried every non narcotic medicine - propanalol, Imitrex, ibuprofen, cyclobenzine, Cafergot, even botox and aromatherapy it smelled good but didn't help. Finally my neurologist suggested Norco. At last some substantial pain relief. Now I can function and get things done, the Norco has definitely helped me.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about seven years ago.  I have taken Norco as prescribed by my physician along with other medications.  Norco has improved my quality of life 100% as it allows me to manage down my pain level so that I am capable of conducting everyday living without that heavy narcotic side effects i.e., feeling "high", sleepiness, nausea, abdominal discomfort.  I think I have developed a mild physical or mental dependence due to the length of time that I've been on the medicine. First and foremost I take the medicine as directed and I do not wait until my pain level is at a 10 before I act otherwise it's effects are limited.  Norco has been very helpful in giving me my like back!”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Prescribed this after Wisdom tooth removal. Worked fine with no issues at a fairly low dose. Use the Lowest dose for ONLY as long as needed. Then used Tylenol after that for a few days and all went well.  Use these as your doc says only.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Best med for back pain”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I used to be on Vicodin 10/500 for my severe pain due to rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, fibromyalgia and spinal issues. My pain is chronic and severe. I've been on Norco for 4 months now and did not feel any difference from the Vicodin. Last month my pharmacy gave me a different brand. It was amazing! First time in a few years that my pain was less. I even found myself missing a dose because I was feeling ok.  Believe me all genetics DONT work the same way.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Helps with migraines when Imitrex fails.  I have to eat before taking a dose or it will make me nauseous.”2014For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I've had rheumatoid arthritis for 18 years with both hips and one knee replaced. I do very well and remain active on 5 Norco (10/325) in 24 hours. I rarely need it at night. Doctors are under pressure to reduce hydrocodone because they are prone to abuse. My doctor keeps trying to cut me back, first to 4 and next to 3. Nothing else works as well for me. It has less acetaminophen than Vicodin. I'm becoming depressed and less active because I can't control the pain. I wonder if others are experiencing this.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medicine has allowed me to function. I haven been taking it for 3 years because I have adverse reactions to ASA and all NSAIDS. Chronic pain from rheumatoid/osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia,  cervical and lumbar injuries from auto accident.  I see a pain management physician for steroid injections when I need to and use Norco.  I may still have days where some tasks are a no go; some time limitations doing chores also. I adhere to the dosing schedules although the bedtime dose I cut in half for better sleep. This medication in combination with Cymbalta and an occasional Flexeril allows me to do much more during the course of a day. I am very happy about the low dose acetaminophen. I get regular blood studies.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works great for my pain.”2014Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Okay well at FIRST this medication was pretty cool, it took away ALL my pain and not only that but gave me extra energy as well. Before I had my son I would not let doctors prescribe me narcotic pain killers for anything, as I had been addicted to Vicodin in the past. SO, my son was born and I then developed bursitis from years of running in the army, working out, and a combo of a hip surgery and other factors. At first I went to chiropractor 3x a week, massage therapy, physical therapy and finally told the doctor I HAD to have some pain medication, it was so bad it changed my life. Started taking these 2 years ago & now they don't help me but if i DON'T take them I get sick! :( wish I'd never started on them now.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Had a double Discectomy on L1 & L2 fourteen months ago that put me in a wheelchair for 3 months. This was due to nerve damage from the two Herniated Discs. After the wheelchair I used a walker for 9 months. Now fourteen months later I am starting to walk with the aid of cane and continuous Physical Therapy. I do still use the walker at the end of the day but am trying to transition to the cane full time. I hope to be able to walk again someday without the help of any aids. During all this time I was and still am in lots of pain but nothing like it was before surgery. The Norco 10/325 made/makes my pain bearable.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It helps my upper back pain a lot. Norco has been the only thing that has been able to help me. ”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“So far I am able to control my pain with 10-325. I have another fusion in July. I hope this will be the end of needing medicine to control my severe pain.”2014Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab is a very strong pain reliever.  It takes between 1-2 hours to fully kick in.  The problem I had with it was:
1) Felt like I was in a mental "fog" effect for days.
2) Constipation - drink a lot of water

I have had 20 pills over a period of 3 years for periodic intense leg, ankle or back pain do to work.  I have switch to Tramadol 50mg with less side effects.”2014For Back Pain:		“Had 2 herniated disks L4-L5 and L5-S1 one of them at 7mm and one at 9.5 mm herniation. Without an operation I'd be wearing a bag to pee in for the rest of my life at a young age. Dr. Cut the disk shaved the bone on my spine. Been on meds 10/325 Norco for like 4yrs relieves morning wake up pain and all day on my feet night pain. They do help . Before the operation nothing helped.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Been taking norco for 19 months as I have neuropathic foot leg hip low back pain. Trying not to have back fusion. Norco 5mg/325mg does great for pain control. Without this would be flat on my back in bed. Thank goodness for norco.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Was in a head on collision which ended in 5 foot surgeries.  Eventually fusing hind foot. Took Norco 10/325...have been on them for 2 years and couldn't walk without them.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Car accident at 21 I am now 35. My back had became severe, finally had to find help. The doc gave me Norco. It along with steroid injections has now given me a normal life.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Ulcerative Colitis Pain: Made the pain manageable. My UC symptoms left me in such terrible pain on some days that I was completely non-functional. Once I asked for something to manage the pain, I was finally able to spend my non-functional days being a little less miserable. 
For flares only. I was once afraid to ask for pain killers but they are so effective I will not hesitate to ask in the future if the pain becomes too much.”2014Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medication gave me COMPLETE AND TOTAL relief for the herniated discs in my lower back before the pain turned from Acute to Chronic. I was on Vicodin ES before that and when I was having pain at night my orthopedist put me on this and it worked great!”2014For Pain:		“Went to the hospitals minor emergency clinc with severe back pain. Turned out to be kidney stones. Doctor prescribed Lortab to help with the pain and it worked great.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“A few years ago, I was setting on the floor getting my bills ready for taxes, leaned forward to grab a bill and got "stuck".  Could not move.  The doctor prescribed Vicodin.  It caused a blinding headache. Still had the Back pain and the headache was almost worse than a migraine.  
”2014For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“This medicine was taken primarily for shoulder pain. It helped very little as there was always a little pain in the shoulder when I took them. The pain never actually went away. The pill only lessened the pain but did not eliminate it.”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Low back pain, leg pain.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My experience with Vicodin has been good.”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Used it for my back”2014Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Taking this for a very painful dental abscess. It's been a God send. Got my first significant bit of sleep in days. It does give me dry mouth, so if you take it for dental reasons Biotene mouthwash is helpful.”2014For Cough:		“I have been struggling with a nagging cough for over a month, went to the doctor twice, finally I called them back yesterday because I was getting no relief, hadn't sleep in days, was driving my husband & coworkers nuts with my hacking. When they called me back & told me they were calling Loratab in to the pharmacy, I was confused & my coworkers were skeptical & thought my doctors office made a mistake...so I researched it & found it can actually be used for this purpose. Within 10 minutes I was finally going longer than 30 seconds without coughing for the first time in weeks. Needless to say, myself & everyone else = AMAZED. Who woulda thought...”2014Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It works very well for pain..it gives seniors energy to function and the side effects are very mild, if any. ”2014For Pain:		“I get shoulder and neck pain, also very painful headaches. Norco 7.5/325 made my life possible to recover and cope. I've been on all the strong stuff and hydrocodone works almost as well as your "high potency" opiates. For me I give it a 10 it helps the pain and allows me to function.”2014Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Helps very much”2014For Cough:		“I took one for another pain issue, but I was also suffering a severe cough at the time. Cough went away, almost like magic. Didn't really put the two together, until I did it again, next day. But like what another writer posted, take too much and prepare for some awful hallucinations. I only take half dose. The nausea side effect can get annoying as well.”2014