Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works Great”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works great but when I stop taking them I feel really tired and I get hot then cold, very uncomfortable. I'm only 21 and I've been taking them since I was 12. I also think it has a role in my ulcer.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The only pain medicine that work for my headaches and joint pain. I am only 20 years old and have been on them since I was 14. I also take xanax for my anxiety and pseudo tumor cerebri. Works great.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been suffering from a surgery on my back that went wrong. I have had 2 other surgeries in the last year to correct it and have had little recovery. I have been taking Norco 10/325 since then 6 times a day and because of it I have been able to still do stuff with my kids and family. I have had no adverse side effects. All my blood work comes back great. This is definitely a medication that works wonders.”2010For Pain:		“Just make sure you take lots of water with it.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia, and degenerative disc disease and this pill has worked amazingly for the pain. Just 5mg helped great and I had my life back till my doctor took me off of it. I had no side effects and it worked wonders, also Lortab and Lorcet has worked great. ”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I will be suffering from my back pain and take lortab 10/500 and within 20 minutes I'm back to living life pain free and puts me in a great mood. Best pain killer out there. I've tried vicodin and norco and percocets and they work okay but I love my lortab. I highly recommend for lower back pain.”2010For Pain:		“I have been taking Norco 10/325 and the 5/500 mg of Hydrocodone/acetoaminophen and it works really well for my bulging disc in neck and my back pain and Fibromylgia. I am only 23 years old and have been diagnosed with all these and now I have to go and see a cardiologist on the 12th on November to find out what is causing me to have chest pain all day, everyday. But I would recommend Vicodin to anyone who has severe chronic pain. It really works. The only thing I don't like is the constipation. Just EAT A LOT OF FIBER.”2010For Pain:		“Love them. They help with my back and hip pain so much.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have herniated discs, 2 knee surgeries, both my ankles have been broken several times. The worst is the arthritis that came with the herniated disks... so Six 10/325 Norco's a day REALLY TRULY work for managing my pain. Also I saw a post earlier about taking a muscle relaxer with it, that helps very well with mobility.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco relieved my pain better than anything I had been prescribed before. I have severe nerve pain, knee, neck and lower back problems.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with CPS (Chronic Pain Syndrome). I have experienced pain since I was 12 years old, and every doctor I went to explaining about my pain ignored me. They told me that I was too young to experience pain or it went with my depression symptoms, and antidepressant medications would solve that issue. Well, it didn't. Finally a doctor listened. She performed blood tests, and came back positive for CPS. She assigned me to Norco/Hydrocodone. I am still in pain, naturally, but it has lessened. I can walk in the mornings more easily, my joints don't feel as stiff, and I can accomplish more of my errands than I used too. To me, it's my miracle pill.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I just had some teeth pulled and was prescribed Vicodin. I got home and took one to relieve the pain and within 15 minutes I was covered in hives from head to toe. My son drove me to the hospital and by the time we arrived just 10 minutes later my hands were turning blue and my BP was extremely low. After 6 hours of Benadryl, Epi-Pen, and my blood pressure rose to 91/63. I was able to go home with the warning that over the next few days I could have that same reaction without having to take another pill. So with a large dose prescription of corticosteriods to try to prevent that from happening and an Epi-Pen in case it does,  I am taking Motrin and suffering through a little bit of discomfort.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco works great for me and has for several years. I crushed my ankle over 10 years ago and the pain can be overwhelming. ”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm extremely sensitive to medicine. In fact, I haven't successfully taken any medicines in 14 years. A little over a year ago, I was t-boned and I have had intense back/nerve pain ever since. I can't take anything regularly because I'll develop an allergy of sorts, but when my pain is sky high, I take a quarter of 10/325 Norco and it makes all of the pain disappear (and of course I'm so sensitive that it keeps the pain away for 3 days).”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been prescribed this medicine after 3 surgeries in 7 months. September 2009 after my gallbaldder was removed, it is what I came home with. It has worked great for me. I didn't even take all that was prescribed. That's how good it worked. In October 2009 and April 2010, I had the same surgery. I was given the liquid kind. Worked like a champ. ”2010For Pain:		“I have taken Vicodin for low back pain (3 Herniated Disks) and have taken Norco for pain from Kidney Stones.  I find both to be effective at cutting my pain to a manageable level that allows me to carry out a mostly normal day when my pain is at it's worst.

The effectiveness of these medications is directly related to how often you take them:  The less you take them, the more effective they are.  When used as prescribed, these medicines are a great help to those people who suffer from moderate to intense pain.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It was effective and I am relieved that it worked for me. I am allergic to codeine so this is a great alternative.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Vicoden to control pain when I got my wisdom teeth taken out and thank goodness I was. This medicine literally takes away all of my pain, which is unusual, because I am very sensitive towards teeth/mouth pain. My only complaint is that about 20 minutes after I take the pill, I literally cannot do anything. I have to lay with my eyes closed because I am literally incapable of doing anything else. But, if this side effect is the worst that I get (which is so far the only side effect), it is a small price to pay for all of my mouth pain to be gone. I would recommend this.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm taking Lortab for the pain from getting my wisdom teeth out. I'm really lucky that I had them because when the anesthesia wore off the pain was unbearable. Since then, I've taken one pill or maybe one and a half if the first one didn't help after an hour or so. That only has happened a couple of times though, and mostly at night. The side effects I got are (listed from most present to rare):  loopiness (like I'm slightly drunk almost), extreme mood swings (I've cried multiple times over nothing), itching (mostly on my face, not too much), constipation (only slightly though) and nausea (only the very first time I took them, and with two pills). Overall, worth it. Takes care of the pain.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've taken Loratab 10/500 for about 3 years for osteoarthritis in the knees and I don't know what I would do without them. I was taking them prior to my knees being replaced and still take them for hip pain. The only negative side effects I've noted is occasional constipation, which is consistent with any narcotic. I take 3-4 every day, but I have begun to notice that they are not as effective as before. I'm sure I'm developing a tolerance to them also. But I would recommend them for chronic pain for anyone who can tolerate them.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Have classic migraine headaches which last sometimes 4-5 days long. Have been on Norco 10/325 for about 5 years now, and this medicine really works well.  I don't want to be on anything stronger (percocet, dilaudid, etc.), have tried Norco with Flexeril and that seems to be effective.  I can't see myself off these, the pain is just too intense, and the over the counter medicines don't work to treat severe migraine pain..”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I broke my neck and back 2 years ago combined with other medicines it works well. I can hardly get around without it.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had numerous teeth pulled recently, getting ready for dentures and first I was prescribed Demerol which made me feel ill and personally I still felt pain. Then it was Percocet which worked great for pain but made me itch. Finally Vicodin 5 mg which I had to take 1 and a half to knock out all the pain. My dentist tried Vicoprophen 7.5 which worked absolutely perfectly but was a bit expensive compared to regular Vicodin. Well he prescribed Vicodin 7.5/500 and 1 tablet works wonders. I was told that I could take 2 at a time if needed but so far 1 seems to work for about 5 hours. I was told that I could build up a quick tolerance to the drug so I take 800 mg ibuprofen unless I really need the Vicodin.”2010For Pain:		“Broke, fractured, and crushed a number of bones in a serious car accident 15 years ago. I never fully recovered but over the last 5 years the pain totally interferes with my quality of life. I prefer oxycodone (generic percocet) 10s for my pain with only 325 mgs of acetaminophen over 2000 mgs of acetaminophen. I had severe constipation for the first month or so unless I ate bran cereal every day.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Taking for Sciatica and lower back pain, 60 mg/day, 10/325 - not much relief, can go higher but really messes my stomach up.  May ask to go back to original Percocet at 30 mg which worked better.

Stomach pain from Norco is in lower stomach and sides where original pain was, so I'm also not sure if I'm treating the cure sometimes. 

Kills appetite, mainly nausea, 60 mg lets me get through physical therapy okay, but am losing weight fast (15 pounds/1 month) from nausea - just not right one for me - not fond of Percocet either, but don't know of anything "between" that might work.

”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take 3 to 5 x 750 during the day(work days) for my back and shoulder pain, due to a car accident. I take 1 before bed time for my shoulder and it works fine. I only take them if I really need them. But they work for me.”2010For Pain:		“This medicine works very well for a bad back.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Prescribed when I had all 4 wisdom teeth removed. This worked well on the first day at taking the pain away, but I was unable to sleep. After about the third dose severe nausea kicked in, as well as constipation and insomnia. ”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was involved on an job related accident 3-18-95. I had 2 major surgeries on my back. I have been on Duragesic patches, spinal cord stimulator, morphine pump, Actiq lozenges. I have received more relief from hydrocodone and have led a more productive life along with returning back to work full time. ”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Basically, Vicodin worked very very well for me when I got the two right wisdom teeth pulled. HOWEVER, when I got the left two pulled about a year later, and was on Vicodin, the pain was still so horrid that I couldn't sleep and it was all I could do, not to cry.”2010For Pain:		“Having Fibromyalgia, Degenerative Arthritis, 3 Knee Surgeries, among other ailments over the last 10-15 years, I have taken Norco, Vicodin, and Lortab. Interesting how the comments vary, but I am one who finds relief from all of the above, and actually without a specific preference. Currently taking Norco as a "break-through" pain medication, it serves me well.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“For acute tooth pain - Vicodin is the drug of choice. After having my wisdom teeth taken out, it worked great for my pain. I only had a popsicle afterwards and did not experience any nausea.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had serious lower back issues and fusion. Vicodin has been a life saver. I use it after surgeries and then try to use it as sparingly as possible. I have used it off and on for the past 5 years with no problems. I was only taking 3 a week to play golf before last surgery but now trying to take 1/2 to 1 to control pain after exercise or sleeping. Pain in legs also needs Lyrica. Scared of addiction or would be taking more. Also worried that it will stop working. So far so good.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Norco for about a year now and it works for me with very little if any side effects. I had surgery on C2-C3, C3-C4, C4-C5, C5-C6. The surgeon wants to cut again on C7. Had a plate with screws put in neck in 2006. I have Degenerative Disc disease with severe bilateral neuroforaminal stenosis. I take 10/325 of Norco three times daily and it helps the pain and is keeping me from surgery on C-7. Only 30% of all neck surgeries are successful and will stay on Norco to prevent surgery as long as it works and for now it is working, with no side effects.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had knee surgeries on both kness. I snapped 3 out of the 4 ligaments, including my ACL and torn meniscus on both knees. The surgeries have helped but I still have severe pain in both knees. I was started on Vicodin ES, was taking up to 3 pills a day for about 9 months. The Vicodin started wearing off after about 2 hours and the maximum amount you can take are 5 per day. Doctor switched me to Norco 10/325. So far I am able to control the pain by taking 1 pill upon waking and 2 after about 8 hours, when I'm not at work. I take 2 pills when working out on the elliptical or doing a lot of walking. Still have some pain after an active day but it is way more tolerable now. So far so good!”2010For Pain:		“Have been taking since June of 2007. Norco definitely loses its effectiveness after long term use.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have chronic migraine headaches so my doctor gives me Norco 10/325 to ease the pain. NOTHING works better than this medicine, not even Percocet, or oxycodone. I'm 30 years old 6'3", 250 lbs so I'm assuming that's why I got something a little stronger than Vicodin. I had been going to the neurologist for about 2 years before he started giving me these. I know its not a cure but thank goodness its around. Highly recommended.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Lortab for back and foot pain. The pain is a result of getting diabetes and back pain is from a wreck 12 years ago that nearly ended my life. I used to take 7.5mg every 4 hours and it used to work but now I take 15mg 3 times a day.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Good for pain, but made me sweat profusely with hot flashes.”2010For Pain:		“awesome pill, take 3 or 4 10mg hydrocodones and makes the pain manageable. Got a lower midback crushed disc with pinched nerve, due to the fact I have had aplastic anemia for 7 years and the medicines caused wear and tear in muscle and bone. ”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab is wonderful for my pain. I was in a really bad car accident. ”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had lower back surgery in 2000ish. Was taking 750mg before and after surgery. Help with dealing with pain and got me back to work as a roofer. Recently my neck had been giving me problems an a MRI revealed disc herniations, bulging disc, degenerative disc disease, flattening of my left spinal cord and a hamangioma, with pain and numbness in my left arm/hand, neck. I've been treating with 500mg vicodin & 15mg Ms-Contin. Brings pain level down to a tolerable level but as always, somedays are better than others.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Lortab for several years for pain. It's not effective as it was since the doctor lowered my dose from 10mg to 7.5mg. I think she's trying to treat the dependency I have developed over the years. I don't know if it's physical or mental but I do know it eases the pain.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was originally prescribed this for a foot injury.. not one for pain medicines I reluctantly take these once in a awhile. However, the last couple of times I have taken them at night due to body aches and pains, it killed the pain but my sleep was filled with vivid dreams, and I could not reach the deep sleep. I woke up with a headache, hangover feeling, and totally drained throughout the next day - not worth it in my opinion with the side effects I am experiencing. Use with caution.”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Stage IV arthritis in the left knee, and spinal stenosis. It allows me to ignore the pain and keep working. Of course I treat the knee and back gently. I worry though about the acetaminophen. It never helped by itself, it does not seem to do anything in conjunction with the hydrocodone, and it may be damaging my liver or other organs. For this reason I cannot give the drug a "9" or "10".  There is apparently no hydrocodone available without an additive.”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on lortab and oxycontin since I had spinal surgery in 07 just had spinal cord stimulator implanted in me in feb of 2010 lortab helps when the oxycontin starts to wear down about five hours.Sometime it gets to the point where nothing seems to work hoping to change to something stronger and no constipation any ideas.”2010Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had a lumbar fusion and discectomy and the neurosurgeon discharged me from the hospital with Norco 10/325. That was not a good post-op medicine. I went to my PCP and he prescribed Oxycontin 40mg 3x's a day and that didn't help. It made me itch all of the time. Finally, he started me on Vicodin HP 10/660 4x's a day and it has helped TREMENDOUSLY! Two thumbs up!”2010Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My neurosurgeon prescribed this medication for me after having a lumbar fusion. I was in so much pain, I wanted to cry!”2010Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had back surgery in May 2009, and due to scar tissue have chronic pain.  Working now with a pain management specialist and taking Lortab.  It does help alleviate the pain, but only take when I have to.  Only side effect for me is a little sleepiness.”2010Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication does not work for me. I have fibromyalgia and my doctor just prescribed me 7.5/500s. I can take only up to 2 per day. I've already taken both, and its not even noon yet. And it didn't make a dent in my pain. Very disappointed.”2010