For Back Pain:		“I can function much better.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It is the first pain medicine that has worked for me. ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“5 herniated discs here from L5-S1up. I take 1/2 tab every 2 hours and it makes life survivable. My thoughts and prayers are for all who suffer from chronic pain.”2012Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I was out of hope for any medicine helping me.  Then Lorcet  changed my life by taking my pain away. I am so thankful for the pain relief from my Rheumatoid Arthritis and Neuropathy.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had rotator cuff surgery on right shoulder and overused left as I am right handed, surgery went excellent but then pain to left side was tremendous.  I had steriod shot with no relief followed by a couple of months taking Lortab 7.5mg with brief relief but the pain would come back full force.  After changing scrip to Norco 5 325mg I felt relief after approx an hour, great feeling for a change.  I still get up with the same pain but take the Norco and relief is on the way.  I have had osteoporosis and osteo-arthritis for years and I highly recomend.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“pain relief was OK but it caused terrible nausea and headaches after 3 days of taking 10/325 every four hours after shoulder surgery. ”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Fantastic pain relief. ”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Hydrocodone with acetaminophen seems to be the only thing that works without side effects.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This did take away the pain and got me of the bed it let me do what I had to do. I did not get withdrawals when I stopped it.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works great, without as much acetaminophen there is less risk of liver damage.”2012Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This is the best back pain medication on the market. I have taken it since 1993 with no problems.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have a bulging disc at L4/L5 that's pinching nerves in my back. Surgeon told me he would rather me go on pain medicines than go through with spinal fusion surgery. I'd never even heard of Norco before, but it is seriously an amazing pain medicine. I also get epidural steroid injections which provide much needed pain relief. I take one Norco 10/325 when I wake up, then one before dinner. Just those two pills make a huge difference in me living a "normal" life again. Gave it a 9 because I wish it lasted longer so I didn't have to take 2 pills a day.)”2012For Pain:		“I have pain due to knee ligament damage. Meds last quite longer than some stronger meds but sometimes upset stomach occurs.”2012For Pain:		“Am 77 and have leg pain in evening, which restricts movement, etc. This relieves symptoms and I am able to continue daily functions much longer in day and gives me whole new latitudes on what I can/cannot do. Great medicine for me.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was bitten by a rattlesnake on the ankle. The antivenom took the pain from a 10 to an 8 but besides that I was on Dilaudid every 4 hours and 10mg Norco every other 4 hours (so pain medicines every 2 hours). Norco was amazing. Worked fairly quickly. Used for a while until pain was gone. Top pain relief from a very painful situation.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Helps ALOT, without the help I wouldn't be able to get out of bed and live a " normal" life as just being able to enjoy my children, grandchildren their laughter smiles and even their tears.  Instead of being in my bedroom in the worst pain ever. ”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have a lot of different types of pain, but the two constant pains I have are arthritis and tailbone pain. The best way I have found to describe it is that it's like sitting on a sharpened egg. For fourteen years . I am only pain free for about three hours every day. I take two Vicodin in the morning (my bedtime, as I work third shift). It takes about an hour to really hit. I take one when I wake up and four and one more when I go back to sleep for three hours at nine. With the two latter doses, my pain isn't completely gone, but the edge is dulled. I can deal with it. I have been taking Vicodin for eight years. If someone knows a physician who would be willing to remove my tailbone, it would probably cut my use in half.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Still have pain and I itch all day and night.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Very hard to get off them after treatment but great for pain and mood. Great for migraines I have had severe migraines my whole life and haven't had any since taking these. Also have kidney problems with lots of stones and surgery.Couldn't have made it through last 2 yrs without them. ”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was in a car accident in April and have been dealing with moderate back pain since then. Today, I'm being medi-evacuated from my ship (in the navy) back to the States for an unrelated issue, and I asked about something for the pain while I'm on the plane. This is amazing. I feel nothing and I haven't been able to get rid of the pain until now. ”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Helpful.  ”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was prescribed Vicodin when I had my 1st back surgery 15 yrs ago! It helped and 2 years later I had my 2nd back surgery! The Vicodin became less effective so I went to pain management and was put on the Duragesic patch which changed my life with the pain! I took myself off of Vicodin and eventually took myself off of the patch! I still live in pain but no longer depend on pain medication.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have extensive long-term back damage I will suffer from for the rest of my life. I have been prescribed Norco now for over 2 years and takes my pain level from a 10 to a 7. My body has not yet become immune to the benefits Norco, it offers to relieve my pain even after 2 years. This medicine, combined with aqua therapy, and psychological therapy has made a HUGE improvement to my life.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Upset stomach most of the time, minimal pain control, just not effective for me.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“No stomach upset or drowsiness...FINALLY”2012For Back Pain:		“This medicine has made me a different person. I tried handfuls of ibuprofen, tylenol, naproxen, Voltaren, patches...nothing really helped my back and nerve pain until I found this. It can take the edge of my occasional migraines, and stifles my cough when I'm sick. It elevates my mood and gives me a little burst of energy for a couple hours after I take it. I'm much more patient with my young daughter who can be very trying. I take about two 5-500 per day, although sometimes none, sometimes up to 5, it depends on the pain. I've never had withdrawal, built a tolerance, or felt I was getting addicted. My only complaint is constipation; I take Miralax when that happens.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Caused severe nausea even when taken with meals.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I just started taking this for chronic knee/foot/neck pain, and it works great!  I take two doses a day of one 5/325 pill.  Along with it, I also take 400 mg of ibuprofen, and this combination seems to be a miracle for my pain.  It makes me feel back to normal for about six hours.”2012For Pain:		“I have two fractured vertebrae from a car wreck. At first my Dr. prescribed me Percocet 5/325 it worked but for me the side effects (nausea, itching and sleeplessness) were awful. He then switched me to Lortab 7.5/500 and wow! Not only is the pain killing effectiveness just as strong (if not stronger) than the Percocet but I have experienced NOT ONE negative side effect.”2012For Back Pain:		“I fractured two vertebrae in a car accident last month. At first I was prescribed Percocet 5/325 but for me the side effects (nausea, itching, sleeplessness) were not worth it. So my Dr switched me to Vicodin 7.5/500 and wow! There was no negative side effects and the pain relief was good.”2012Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“It helps”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Combined with ibuprophen, my pain is lessened enough to carry on household chores and to pursue my hobbies.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have tried all the pain killers including morphine, Dilaudid, IV and pill form and many many others over the past 10 years. Nothing seemed to help. For the past 8 years I have been on Norco. It has helped take the edge off my pain. 

I am chronically ill with Lyme disease, co-infections, herniated discs in my neck and too many others to list. My body likes Norco the best. ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It makes me lightheaded and sleepy but makes my pain better where I can continue my day. ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It is the only medication that does not make me feel dizzy, drunk or crazy. I cannot take the medications used for fibromyalgia so these are all I have.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have a bulging disc in the middle and lower part of my back. The doctors kept tell me to take NSAIDS but they would not do the job. Finally a doctor called in the Norcos for me and OMG they are a miracle drug. I have taken all kinds of pain meds because I am also a stone former and had multiple surgeries. This is a first for me and they are really good. I have been addicted to vicidin so pray these dont hurt me that way!”2012For Pain:		“I am prescribed 3 7.5/750mg Vicodin a day.  I have been on pain medication for nearly 3 years because I have several things wrong with me. I am a 25yo single mother of a 6yr old and live alone.  I can NOT take care of myself/house/child without crying in pain.  This medication takes the edge off but never takes my pain below a 5. ”2012For Pain:		“It has to be taken on an empty stomach to really feel any relief.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Controls pain in my hand, arm, shoulder and legs, due to stroke. Pain has definitely decreased.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works well with chronic back pain. Had L5-S1 fusion and now in diagnosis to rule out L3-L4 rostral disease. Lowers pain from 7/10 to 3/10. Doesn't work as well as Percocet but at least I don't hallucinate on it. I also don't like the "high" that Percocet produces and that effect is much less prevalent on Norco, thankfully.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I've had back pain for years. Then I started getting really bad pain in my knee and found out I have Rheumatoid Arthritis and Osteoarthritis and I'm only 28 yrs old. I have been on Lortab 10/500 for 6 yrs. Then started going to a pain specialist and I'm now on Tramadol ER 300mg 1x a day and Norco 10/325 4-6x a day and it works miracles. I also take the muscle relaxer, Flexeril and it helps very well too. I still have pain but I always will for the rest of my life because of my arthritis. But these medicines makes life much better.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I also have knee pain, shoulder pain, elbow and hand and finger pain.  Norco seems to work best on the knee pain.”2012For Pain:		“Very effective pain reliever.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The medicine did exactly what it was supposed to do--erased my pain when I had a wisdom tooth extraction. There were side effects, but they were minimal. The medicine made me itchy, somewhat numb, and a little bit sleepy, but it was nothing that could not be dealt with easily.”2012For Back Pain:		“Very helpful.”2012For Pain:		“Gives me 3-4 hours of extra mobility before pain overwhelms me.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am 25 years of age, and I am a chronic pain patient. 3 years ago (2009) I began to feel chronic pain all over my body; more and more as time goes on. There isn't a muscle in my body that doesn't hurt. Vicodin has saved my life! I've been on 8  5mg tablets daily. Were it not for Vicodin, my ability to perform everyday tasks would be severely compromised. Normal activities whether is mowing the lawn, or even getting out of bed are difficult. My pain level ranges between 5-9. Vicodin always takes all the pain away. I highly recommend this medicine if you are seeking relief from chronic pain.













”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Relives pain fast”2012For Pain:		“I am 63 years old and after a car accident 18 years ago I developed fibromyalgia. I have been on hydrocodone/acetaminophen 10-650 four times a day for the terrible pain. I also take Ultram 50 mg (2) at the same time and the combination seems to help the hydrocodone work better. I have good days and bad. I have also tried Lyrica (too fattening and not great), Cymbalta (suicide thoughts) and now am trying Neurontin (so far, so good). This medicine makes my life livable and the scummy doctors that are over prescribing are ruining it for the people who really need pain medications to survive.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Lortab for 6 years since I was 13 yrs old for migraine headaches because I'm allergic to NSAIDs. I started out taking 5/500 for 2 years. Then my Dr put me on 7.5/500 for 3 1/2 years. Now I'm on 10/500. The 10/500 work the best for my pain problems. They help me get on about my day I only need to take 2 a day because they work good. Thanks.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It helps if taken as prescribed. I'm always in pain but it manages my pain level to a tolerable degree.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication took the pain away but kept me very awake. When I came off of the medicine, I had horrible headaches! ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Hives after taking for 5 days, otherwise worked well at relieving pain”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have an Arnold chiari stage 3, severe scolosis with Harrington rods, and bulging discs at L4-L5 and C4-5-6. I have found that Vicodin is the only pain killer that works well enough for me to function. I have two young kids who need me to be able to function, and a husband. I do caution to use this wisely. I don't notice any ill side effects.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have an Arnold Chiari. And severe scolosis and ruptured disc at L4 L5. Vicodin is the only thing that gives me relief. I've tried just about every other pain pill out there and its been the best for me. Doctors in my area don't like to perscribe it because of the addiction issue. This really hurts the people who really need it.”2012Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I recently had an acute flare up with my Sciatica. The pain was unbearable with complete numbness down my right leg. I have suffered for 8 years with chronic sciatic pain wavering in intensity. This last time I went to my doctor requesting pain killer relief stronger than the Diclofenac and Baclofen I usually take which was ineffective. I was prescribed the 5/500 strength, 1 three times a day. This had zero effect on my pain. I took additional acetaminophen to augment the 500mg in the Vicodin. I have an appointment this week to seek a medicine that will bring me relief to I can enjoy life again.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“As the young lady above stated, it does seem to help but when it wears off I feel so tired and worn out.  Also, I too, have the hot and cold sensations.”2012For Pain:		“Used short term for tooth pain. It definitely helped me get by until I got to the dentist and got the tooth pulled. These pills have always made me feel a little sick to my stomach so I have to be in severe pain before I will take them.”2012For Pain:		“Helps with pain very well.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Very good pain killer.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It does help with breakthrough pain.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Only thing that eases my pain and stiffness”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“When I get bad pain I take Norco and it helps. I only take it for 3 days then I stop because the pain is gone by then. But it works better then the other medicines I have been given, also I have never had any withdrawals from it.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have 2 herniated discs with sciatica and without the Lortab 7.5mg I am in so much pain I have to stay in bed and suffer. With this medication I can function very well and enjoy a almost normal daily routine. I own horses and have always been very physical. Without this medicine I can't do anything that I normally do.”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've a degenerative spinal disorder known as syringomyelia (without Arnold Chirari mal) which was caused after an auto accident in which I was ejected from my car as it flipped. I suffered several fractures to the skull, sub-arachnoid hematoma (resolved itself) in addition to a broken spine. I was initially taking Norco 10/325 4 x daily, which worked fine at the time, then my Syrinx began presenting symptoms; mainly horrid pain at the site of it (C3-T2). Tramadol 50mg was added in addition to Zanaflex and Xanax for the accompanying exacerbation of anxiety, but still in pain. This medicine is short acting and not sufficient for SM sufferers.”2012For Pain:		“Works well. ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This pill took very little of the pain away. ”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab works fine at first then you develop a tolerance to it and have to be put on something stronger. I have degenerative bone and disc disease in my spine so I'll have to be on pain medicines the rest of my life.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Due to a drunk driver hitting me when I was 17, I now suffer from precipitating migraines which is due to blood in my spinal column. I am allergic to traditional migraine medicines so Lortabs are the only medicines I can depend on to actually help me. I do not take large doses but do take it consistently when I have an attack and truth be told, I would not be able to make it through the simplest of days without it. Please drink a lot of water and fluids and it will make you constipated. Stool softeners will also help. ”2012Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Extreme nausea along with hot flashes and dizziness masked any improvement in my pain condition. It was so intense that I decided that I would rather deal with the pain than suffer another dose of the side effect.”2012Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Well, I was riding an unbroken horse and she decided to stand up on me and fell back anatomically in half on me. Least to say I was in some serious pain..... Went to the E.R. and doc said that it was only a severely bruised spine..... Put me on Lortab 7.5/500's,  Flexeril, and an anti-inflammatory. They are working great and noticed that it cut my pain greatly.”2012