Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication made me extremely nauseous and caused disturbing nightmares.  It helped with the pain.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been given this medication 4 times this year. The first time was in March for a pulled tooth. The second was after my gallbladder surgery, third was after hernia ,and this time was for some more dental work. For years both codeine and hydrocodone gave me horrible side effects and reactions. But I think I've built up some tolerance to medicines over the years. I have to take Phenegran with it and half a Benadryl. It makes me semi nauseated and itchy. It mellows me out and helps oh so much with pain. I have been given various strengths and even liquid form. Works great!”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I used this for spinal stenosis and it never really worked for me. I took the 5/500 and then I tried 10/325 and neither did anything.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have used this after my surgery and I give it a 10/10 even though I was only about 14^ this worked very well. My mom would give me the medicine whenever the time it was needed to be given (scheduled). I am currently 16 and The surgery I have received was replacing dieing bone cartilage with live ones from another part of the bone. It was painful/especially during the recovery.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've taken Vicodin for 12 years for severe migraines and endometriosis and back and neck pain from a car accident. I take 3 per day and it allows me to hold a full time job, without it I don't function due to pain or stand straight even. Prior to that I was fired from jobs due to constant calling in due to pain from all my problems. I am not addicted at only 3 per day but if people are pain-free they will be happier, hold full time jobs, interact with spouse via saving their marriage, also interacting with their children via having better well rounded kids who have a loving outgoing parent or parents, many benefits to this pill. I claim it to be a MIRACLE pill. Doctors have tried me on everything known to man, this is only thing that works.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Good medication for muscle and bone pain. I am 20yrs old and have been on hydrocodone for 4 years. I have a chronic spinal muscular inflammatory disease and nerve damage. It helps but not for pain caused by nerve damage. On a bad day I can take 3 x 10/325 in a single dose and still have pain. Be careful they are very addictive and I actually hurt worse if I run out. My advice for muscle pain is to combine it with robaxin (methocarbamol) very good at controlling spasm and its non-sedative, which is a plus! Ask your doctor.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Doctor gave me prescription for Vicodin (5-500: hydrocodone/acetaphenamin) post shoulder surgery: 1 every 4-6 hrs. It blocked the pain HOWEVER within 12 hours made me dizzy and gave me cold sweats and nausea; couldn't stand up or walk without help. Switched to Ultram/tramadol 50mg 1 every 6 hours (which worked fine - no side effects).”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is a good pain medication, however, there are side effects. As with any opiate the drug can and usually does cause dependency. Long period use is extremely hard on the liver due to the high levels of Acetaminophen. Some people experience drowsiness, while others experience insomnia. On a scale of 1 to 10, the pain in my personal experiences will be reduced from a 10 to a 5 in approximately 30 minutes. I recommend speaking with your doctor about alternatives if you are going to be treated in the long term.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking this drug for the last couple of months for severe shoulder pain, neck pain, and upper back pain...due to a recent auto accident...I had whiplash, a pinched nerve in my neck and nerve damage in my shoulder and it seems to work amazingly to ease pain that is sometimes so unbearable it hurts to move my head. I haven't experienced any bad side effects except for the occasional drowsiness and loopy feeling, but the benefits definitely outweigh that and I'd recommend this medicine to anyone in severe pain. As everyone else has said, use with caution and take only as needed per doctors orders. Don't know how I would have or would be functioning now without this drug and Zanaflex.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Diagnosed with Carpel Tunnel Syndrome, my physician prescribed two Vicodin a day for pain relief.  For the first couple of days I was drowsy after the noon tablet but now my body seems to have acclimated itself to the drug and I'm no longer drowsy, and I'm reasonably pain free.  It isn't perfect, but I gave it an eight out of a possible ten!  I don't expect to be on it long enough to worry about addiction.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Took Vicodin for pain because I broke my lower leg and upper leg in a wreck and also my eye bone was broken. The pain goes away and the arthritis pain goes away for 4 to 5 hours.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Nerve and back pain.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take 2 Norco 10/325 every morning with 800mg Ibuprofen for lower back pain due to 2 herniated discs from an injury in 2005. They are only partially effective. I have built up a tolerance to pain medicines. Even during radio surgery, the sedation I was given did very little. My doctor just gave me Morphine to use at night to help me sleep, but I am allergic to sulfur and the drug is actually called Morphine Sulfate. I am afraid to take it because of the potential side effects(hives). I'm waiting for authorization for disc replacement surgery, so hopefully I won't need pain medicines in the future.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication is very effective for my lower back pain. Been taking it for 7 years and not increased my dose from 60mg daily.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Take this medicine for back pain. So far it has worked for me.”2009For Pain:		“I have found in most cases when I've had moderate to severe pain, that the over the counter medications don't work. Granted they do bring inflammation down, I'll give them that much. However the side effects in comparison are like black and white. I think that the mixture of the two is just right for blocking out the terrible pain, goes to work taking care of the swelling and what not, that follows injury. Doctors these days should not be biased in a way, in which hinders him from deliberating a treatment plan. Consistent in the pain management area of a chronic illnesses. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I broke my back 7 months ago and I was put on 5/500 and it did not relieve the pain at all. So my doctor put me on 10/325 Norco and it has been working well ever since. This is wonderful medicine for pain with little side effects. I would be unable to work if it weren't for this medicine. It truly has made me able to be a functioning part of society. Without it I am unable to do simple tasks such as clean or do laundry without the pain being unbearable.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I give it an 8. I've been taking it for the last 6 to 8 years and it works so far. I have informed my doctor that I need to up my dosage and he agreed. So I take a half after about an hour after I take my regular dose and it works pretty good (that is the 10/325 mg). Most times I only have to take that half once or twice daily and sometimes I don't have to take the other half.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Really gets me through the worst days!”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It helps me I have nerve damage in my back, but it does not take away all the pain.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Suffered from degenerative disc disease for 3 years before finally having a fusion. Vicodin was the only medication that could make a dent in my pain. Broke pills in half and never took more than 2-3 pills per day, no matter what, or tolerance develops. Need to take a stool softener or live with constant rectal bleeding and clogged toilets. The drug also allowed me to maintain or improve mentally in order to function in a demanding job. This is separate than the pain relief. Another interesting side effect is an increase in libido at least for males. The combination of Vicodin and Viagra worked great for me to achieve erection. Also, the Vicodin effect for me mentally was identical to that of having an orgasm.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Very good for pain, but left me very foggy & nauseous, not able to do much else but sit on the couch and watch football.  The Norco hangover the next day was no fun either.  Will use only when necessary.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Norco for a jaw dislocation injury for about 3 months. After a while, I had to increase the amount per day, so my doctor wanted to give me oxycontin for evening. I did not like the Oxycontin and felt that the Norco better took away the pain. The Oxycontin just made me feel like I was hallucinating. The Norco works best for pain relief. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This was NOT effect post-op. I had a laporoscopic surgery for endometriosis and as well have herniation of discs L4&L5. I take pain medicines as a chronic pain management patient and have not needed anything other than the prescribed dosage ever. This did not work at all. I was in pain all night until a day nurse was willing to listen to the issue and gave the other brand name medicine with more APAP.
When the time comes to have other surgery, I will have to discuss with Doctor beforehand. I am not willing to suffer again.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I started taking this after my knee surgery, I found it to be be great. My recovery time was fast. I had no pain and lot's of energy. It started with 3 or 4 pills a day then after that it got to be 5 or 6 a day. I then had foot surgery. I had to take more for the pain to go away. This went on for 5 years. By the time I got help I was taking 20 to 25 pills A DAY. I now know that God is watching over me because if he wasn't I wouldn't be here now. I am now off of all pain killers but it took a lot of hard work. I'm letting you know this because it creeps up on you before you even know it. Vicodin may help you at first and you may be able to control it. I thought I could. I'm just asking you please be careful with this medicine.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was given Lortab for tooth pain; I also have fibromyalgia, and was hoping it would help both.  It did relieve some of the tooth pain, did nothing for the fibro pain.  But I was so anxious, jittery, fearful, heart racing that I never took it again.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been taking it (10/325 every 4 hours when required) for four months now and have found it to be very effective for my back, hip and leg pain caused by a failed laminectomy. It doesn't block nerve pain, but it helps me to forget it for the four or five hours between doses. Since it is an opioid, it does cause constipation and you have to stay on top of it with fiber and laxatives.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I will add it to the list of items called  things I'm allergic to. My wife had to stop the car for me to throw up beside the road. ”2009For Pain:		“I have been prescribed 5/500 hydrocodone/acetaminophen by my pain management doctor for bulging discs in neck and lumbar. I've tried Darvocet in the past which did very little for my pain. Oxycodone, even in small doses, made me very dizzy for some reason. Hydro/acetaminophen combination works well for disc problems and severe headaches brought on by cervical abnormalities. Taken with food, nausea is minimal.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Makes me sleepy but helps with my cough due to not breathing right after some back rib injury from a fall. Kills the pain for over 8 hours so I can sleep lying down too. Makes me kinda foggy so I have to focus to get stuff done. ”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication makes me light headed and sleepy. Not worth less the pain”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had been taking tramadol for my severe knee pain but started taking lortab and they work so much better.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I took this for degenerative disc disease when Percocet stopped working. It helped me as much as Percocet. It was slightly more sedating than Percocet, but at the same time, it helped me rest better. I am not currently on pain pills, but if I had to have any, and had an option, it would probably be Lortab 10.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This drug is EXCEEDINGLY helpful at managing my moderate Cardiac pain from Hypertrophic Obstructive Cardiomyopathy as I await my Open Heart Surgery! Vicodin which is the same chemical but is 5/500 instead of 7.5/500 is to weak, and I have found that Percocet, is to Strong, it makes me not function normally.  Lortabs takes most of the pain away, yet leaves my brain basically intact. It is a happy medium pain reliever for my moderate pain!”2009For Pain:		“I have been going through hell the past year. It all started with a kidney stone and wound up with the removal of my kidney almost a year later. I have been on all kinds of pain killers from Dilauded to Oxycontin to Percocet to Vicodin. I have to say that taking the Oxycontin has helped the most but the Vicodin is great for the break through pain. I am hoping to be back to work by December 1st but with the pain that I am still experiencing I have my doubts. I've had fear of addiction and stopped taking all medicines. The withdrawal was the worst, from diarrhea to being so weak that I shouldn't get out of bed to not being able to eat. This lasted a few days. and after that the pain was still there and worse than ever. If you have pain take your medicines.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had foot surgery 10 days ago.  For pain these seem to work well.  However the basic side effects are more than I want to deal with: dizzy, weak, nausea, short of breath.”2009Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I switched to Vicodin HP from Lortab 7.5 and was also offered to have Lortab 10. After taking it for two days, Vicodin HP kills my pain. My pain is worse than you can ever imagine, I have every injury spots on my back. Vicodin HP just completely kills it and now got me doing what I always loved to do. Drive my four wheeler and rock climbing on my four wheeler. So Vicodin HP is one for you if you have bad pain. A lot of people says Lortab beats Vicodin, wrong. I experienced with Lortab for more than four years and Vicodin says otherwise! Vicodin HP, that is.”2009Anexsia (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Anexsia 7.5 for extreme monthly cramps, which I later found out was due to Poly Cystic Ovarian Disease. Thanks to the doctor with the wisdom to give me the medication that addressed the pain efficiently. Prior I had been given a non-steroidal anti-inflamitory drug which gave me little more than stomach pain. This is excellent for the severe pain.”2009Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I live in chronic pain. Although I am on another opioid that is the primary care taker of pain, Vicodan ES has been essential in keeping me functional during the day when pain breaks through and pounds me into the dirt. It is excellent in stopping the breakthrough pain, and although I have been on it on a regular basis for 2 years, when and if I should run out, I do not have withdrawal reactions. I have been foolish enough to just not take the medication when needed due to fear of addiction; however, this is not wise. The "pain cycle" is a cycle you deal with using prudence. Bottom line is if you are hurting and are experiencing undue duress, take the prescribed medication and remain comfortable.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin works for me after hernia operation, once in morning and at bedtime.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had severe migraines for sometime and was on 4 different pain medications, this medication completely omits migraines from the day. Only side effects for me were being wired, and kinda snappy and sometimes short tempered. I've been taking it for a year, only when I'm going to have a migraine I take one!  ”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am a 70 year old woman. I have spinal stenosis. Each day I wake up thinking I won't need to take Vicodin today, but I do. I take 2 when the pain starts and it always takes the pain away. If I wait too long to see if the "PAIN WILL GET BETTER BY ITSELF" I'm only fooling myself. It never gets better by itself! My doctor tells me not to worry about addiction, that he knows how often I take it and he keeps track. So I let him do it.”2009For Pain:		“It was helpful to my condition; pain. I would use this again for the same condition.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am not really impressed with the pain control I receive from Vicodin. I have a long history of chronic pain related to my disease Lupus. I have had Lupus for 20 years. As I get older the pain seems to get harder to deal with. Fortunately, I am still able to work and function on a daily basis. 
I am fully aware of all of the side effects, for me the benefit almost always outweighs the risks. 
I don't understand why doctors are so afraid to give you something different that may actually work better for me. They are so concerned with addiction. Vicodin is addictive!!! I don't understand their rationalle.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have a history of kidney stones (very painful) and Vicodin is the pain killer of choice.  Tylenol 3 is very similar. My doctor has alternated between them. When Vicodin doesn't work (about 10% of the time) I have to go to the emergency room for a Morphine injection.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had back surgery on my L5S1 and am still in severe pain in my lower spine and permanent nerve pain. Norco worked short term for me. They took me off hydrocodone 10/650 because of acetaminophen in it. The Norco is 325 but the Norco did not last as long and did not seem to take away pain as well. I have switched back to hydrocodone 10/650”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Use this for chronic cluster headache.  Only medication that provides lessening of severe head pain.  Not enough research has been done with the use of Vicodin ES for chronic cluster headache pain.  ”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It has always helped me with my lower back pain.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Helped with the pain from an animal bite”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“It's okay for light pain.”2009For Pain:		“I had pain in my back which interfered with sex, and since I've been on this, everything has been great. ”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin works very well, I take it 5-6 times a day for my pain with lupus. I wouldn't change my Vicodin for anything.”2009Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've had back pain for almost 3 years now, sometimes to the point of tears due to simple actions like walking or bending. After being put on this medication 3-4 doses daily, I have had the pain relieved, and my actual mood and focus has increased at work. My previous evaluations and reviews were below average and now after being put on this treatment my last two reviews have increased to above average. It takes effect quite quickly and lasts for the directed amount of time on the prescription. The only con I have for this medication is that it affects myself in a negative way during intercourse. I have found when on the medication my climax takes 3-4 times as long or not at all during that time. Quite frustrating.”2009For Pain:		“I have been taking Hydrocodone 10/650 for up to 2 years now for neck and lower back pain. I break my tablets in half. I take them only as needed to take the edge off of pain. I have noticed if I take the least bit too many it causes constipation. This medicine can make you feel like you cannot concentrate. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Norco for about 8 months now for fibromyalgia and degenerative bone and disc disease and I tell you what, this medicine works and gets the job done! I have been taking pain relievers for over 7 years and they work 100% better for breakthrough pain than any other on the market! Take caution in getting off of them and make sure you CUT BACK SLOWLY as they are addictive or habit forming. Hope you have good of results from this medication as I had.”2009Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I would like to say that I have been in pain for approximately 4 years and finally have met with a good doctor who has put me on this medication. I take 7.5 mg pill 4 times daily and it has helped me to be able to move around more as well as being able to get things done. I am glad to have found a good doctor to have helped me feel better, to not be so miserable, and I wish people would not talk about the bad of using narcotic pain relievers as it has been the only thing that has helped me .”2009For Pain:		“This medicine is okay. The worst side effect would have to be the severe diarrhea. It usually take about 20 to 25 min to take effect and start easing the pain. ”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I use Vicodin when I'm in pain. It only helps me for 2 to 3 days then after that nothing seems to help with pain. I've had surgery on my wrist and I am going to have surgery again soon. I fear that I am going to get addicted to it because my dad is addicted to it and I don't want it to happen to me. I need to tell my doctor and ask him what else would help with pain.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Post op foot pain. Not effective to address pain.  Mild side effects: dry mouth, skin feels charged and I am unable to stay asleep due to weird dreams that seem to just "pop" into my head.  First day on medicine, I'll call Doctor tomorrow hope he will give me something different.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is a great drug and really makes me feel better as a result of chronic back pain that radiates into my legs and abdomen. I only take 1 to 2 pills a week to get some relief. ”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Occasionally I take this for my migraines when I run out of my Midrin. I also have severe neck pain of unknown cause. Works very well, but I'm careful not to take it all the time because I know it is addictive.”2009For Pain:		“I had Orbital cellulitis plus a sinus infection and I was put in hospital for a week. Because cellulitis is a very severe infection if it goes behind your eye. I had the WORST headaches you could have ever imagined and they gave me this to take in the hospital, along with morphine, and antibiotics. I got sick to the morphine but the Hydrocodone helped so much. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had my third surgery, started using Norco for my pain, works for 2 to 3 hours. Been on it for a month going to ask doctor for stronger medication in two weeks if pain dose not decrease.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab helps me get to sleep in 20 to 40 minutes. Otherwise it takes me 3 to 4 hours.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had Bells Palsy last year, it cleared up however, it left me with severe headaches. Lortab appears to be the only drug to give me relief. I was very hesitant about taking this drug at first, due to the addiction aspect and side effects. I have not experienced any side effects. I take it only when needed.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Severe runner's knee. Very effective drug, works well enough to take the edge off. Still can feel pain but very manageable”2009Lorcet HD (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Not good.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been dealing with chronic neck to lower back pain. Just found out I have degenerative disc disease and have three bulges up in my neck, with also bone spurs growing off my vertabrae. I currently am taking two 7.5mg/325 Norcos 4 times a day with four 5mg Valium that's for my constant muscle spasms and cramps all over my back and legs. At this point I'm seeing my doctor in a week so I can get my strength on Norcos increased or go on to Oxycontin. My pain never goes away and it's sad when you are only a 27 male, married with two kids 4 and 8 years old.”2009For Pain:		“Best pain medicine made that helps.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have taken Norco 10/325 for the past 9 1/2 years. I have never increased my dose in that time and they have worked very well for me. I had reconstructive back surgery in January of 2000 and these do the trick. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Have been taking Norco for pain associated with surgery and chemotherapy. Original dose worked for a few months but built up tolerance.  Doctor increased dosage to two 7.5 with Tylenol every 4 hours which has worked great.  Don't usually have to take more than one but if I need two I can take them without worrying that side effects will cause a problem when I work.”2009For Pain:		“Works pretty good.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had a lower back injury in 2003. I had all kinds of procedures and nothing worked. I was on Vicodin and it worked for a while but the Norco 10/325 seems to work great. I have been on them for 6 months and able to go to my construction job daily. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco 10/325 has worked well for me. I started using Vicodin 500 mg, which I got immune to very quickly. My doctor switched me to Norco 500 mg. Also got immune to this. So they put me on Norco 10/325 and I haven't had any problems since then. They work wonderfully. I take them every 4 hours. That's been 2 years ago.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My neurologist put me on Norco for cluster migraine headache combination.  I was very impressed, it is the first medication that has taken the chronic pain away.  The only other medicine that kept the pain away was Morphine.  I worry about addiction, but I don't have a problem with not taking it if I don't need it.  After five months of no relief from these headaches I am so happy to have found something that works.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had been taking Norco for the past 2 months and I have to say that I really don't like it. It really upsets my stomach. I wish I could find something that works but doesn't make me feel like this.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm 24 years old and have three kids. With my last they gave me a water injection twice. The first time it didn't work. They did it a second time and I still felt no relief. A few hours after I had my son I started having major pains shooting up my back. The doctor said it would go away and it didn't. I have a lot of damaged nerves from when the gave me the water injection. I get shooting pains on a regular basis. After my doctor started giving me Vicodin my pain has gone away more than 50 percent.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Ripped my gastro calf muscle playing tennis...Ouch..very painful and hard to sleep at night.  Vicodin helps for mostly on the outside of the injury but not too much within the deep damaged tissue for me.  I'd say about 85 percent or so, just enough to ease off the majority of pain for comfort at bedtime.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lawnmower blade took off tip of finger. Norco didn't help with the pain that well.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I broke a rib in a fall and the Vicodin helps keep the pain down to a dull ache instead of a sharp stabbing.  I couldn't sleep without it.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I took Vicodin for a tooth that is severely infected and in need of work done to it. Without Vicodin it just throbs and keeps me up all night.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Lortab and Percocet for about a year now due to my endometriosis and ovarian cysts. It definitely helps to relieve the pain and anxiety. The down fall to it is the horrible feeling of withdrawal.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This helped me a lot. I have been having severe back and feet pains. Broke both my feet 2 years ago and it helps so much.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Good for toothaches.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Lortabs for 2 1/2 years and it works for my headaches.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Not that great for me. I built up a tolerance to it after the first month and had to switch to Percocet 10-325. So far those work okay.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab has been a God send for me. I have had 6 major abdominal surgeries in 7 months. Last one in July of 08, and I still have a lot of pain. I take 1 x 5/500 every morning and 1 in late afternoon. It takes the edge off, it also winds me up, so I then can do some house cleaning.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication was given to my 8 month old baby boy after he had surgery to correct his chordee and it worked wonderfully. I could tell he was in pain when he would pull on his diaper and cry so I would give him a dose (1 1/2cc) and he would be all smiles about 20 minutes later. There is nothing worse then to see your baby in pain. I'm so thankful he was prescribed this medication.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Used with oxycodone Norco has helped. Norco is not that great by itself.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The withdrawals when coming off Norco's is the worst feeling ever. Severe anxiety, hard to sleep. After about 7 days the anxiety was less and less, but then I had to get my energy back. I had a hard time walking around the store, very weak. I was on them for my knee for 6 months. Be careful coming off.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Lortab because I have osteoarthitis of the spine and I would not be able to conduct my life on a daily basis if not for this medication. Some doctors don't like giving this medicine out to patients because it is habit forming. But, like I told my doctor, pain 24/7 or a slight addiction. I will take the addiction. I can get over an addiction but this pain is here to stay and is not going to get any better.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This helps my fibromyalgia pain along with Lyrica. I hate taking the medicines but I hate the pain even more.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have sciatica and take Vicodin. It helps me sleep and slightly covers up the pain.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Helps ease the kidney stone pain and relaxes you as the kidney stone passes out.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had a torn tendon in my knee and had to have surgery. They gave me this for my pain. It has been relatively good. It takes my pain away for about 4 hours then I need to take it again. But now I've got to take it every 6 hours and it doesn't last that long. So for 2 hours I have to suffer. So for long lasting pain management it doesn't work that well, but for short term, it's great. And it doesn't upset my stomach.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medicine will take care of your pain.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco (highest strength) worked absolutely fantastically in controlling my pain from chemotherapy. Most of the time I only had to take 1/2 the dosage that the doctor had prescribed for me. I've never had a drug work so well without having horrendous side effects.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've just recently had 19 teeth pulled all at once and absolutely couldn't sleep at night. I was given 750 mg of Vicodin (Hydrocodone) and now I can sleep.  It takes the pain away but only lasts for 3 hours at the most.  I sometimes get a headache from it and have suffered from constipation.  All in all, the relief you feel from severe pain is well worth it. Do not drive while taking this medication. It makes some people sleepy and slows down your reaction time.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Recently I was put on Norco for a hand injury sustained several years earlier. It has helped my hand tremendously! I can actually use it. I love the fact that it has less acetaminophen and doesn't make my stomach hurt. It is a miracle.”2009For Cough:		“It definitely helps. It takes the itchiness out of the throat and really calms the cough.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have found that it gives me pretty severe headaches but it does help me get through the day and eases the pain for my healing broken leg.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This combination of Hydrocodone/acetaminophen is the best at relieving pain. I have tried Vicodin, Lortab, Lorcet, Vocoprofen, Vicodin HP and just about every different combination and Norco works the best by far. It relieves my pain in all parts of my body, and is also great for headaches, terrible back pain and abdominal cramping. This drug is much less addicting and has less episodes of nausea/vomiting.”2009For Pain:		“I am 23 years old and have been taking Lorcet 10/650 since I was 18 because I have degenerative disc disease and bulging disc bone spurs and herniated discs, as well as juvenile rheumatoid arthritis. This medicine has helped me so much, but after some time it does lose some of its effect but I do not know what I would do without it. This week I am going to see a new doctor finally after all this time, because the other doctors I have seen tell me I am crazy and a my age there is no way possible for me to have what I have even though I have had MRIs, etc to prove it. Thank goodness for this medicine.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Lortab 7.5/325 3-4 times a day for back pain. It works great. I feel like I have my life back. Before I was in pain all the time. It only made me feel loopy the first couple of times. After that it just took the pain away. I would recommend this drug to anyone who has chronic back pain.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco 10/325 works great for my migraine pain.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been on this medicine for 9 years now. I take one every four hours, and it is a God send. I have two ruptured discs in my back, and with it I am pain free. Over time you may become tolerant to it, and need more to get the same relief.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Vicodin for menstrual cramps.  It is quite effective in eliminating the pain, but it does make me very sleepy and slightly out of touch with reality.  I found that caffeine counters this effect, but I haven't asked my doctor yet if it is okay to take caffeine with Vicodin (I read the warning label twice and didn't find anything mentioned there).  I haven't noticed withdrawal symptoms, but I do use a minimum amount and am not prone to addiction in general.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is a decent drug for my ills. Unfortunately it's beginning to lose it's effectiveness after a little over a year. Of course, your mileage may vary.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was recently put on Norco 10/325 after being on Vicodin since last summer. I had knee surgery which was not successful and now am living in constant pain. My doctor just increased my dosage from 4 to 6 a day. This should provide me with almost 100% relief from the pain. I wish I had an alternative to taking pain medicines. The medicine was scary at first (from the 5 mg Vicodin) but I am now used to them and don't get that fuzzy feeling that made me so scared. Now I know the drugs start to work because the pain goes away! Norco does it's job well and I am grateful to have them.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am a young (22 year-old) female who has bursitis in my right hip. I'm anteriorally rotated, and have a gluteal strain, so it doesn't help my hip.  Physical therapy has significantly helped, but my hip pops every step I take, and often pops out of place. Again despite the physical therapy, the pain sometimes becomes unbearable. I have tried about 4 different drugs before Lortab. Lortab is the only medicine that eases the severe pain (when I'm between 8 and 10 on the pain scale). It is not to take for every day, but it is AMAZING.  For me, the downside, which I have heard from many people, is that it can leave you feeling anxious, and I generally can't sleep if I take Lortab.  I think the benefits far outweigh the negative.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works great, really helps”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had 2 foot surgeries within 9 months of each other that took me over 2 years to heal, and was given Vicodin for the pain. At first it was awesome, it took care of the pain but I slept all the time. After a while I ended up taking more to relieve the pain, which scared me. So I would go off of it for a month or so and live in agony to prove I was not addicted.  It detaches you from whats going on around you. I finally figured out that I would rather be in some pain than be so depressed as that drug made me feel. I just stick to ibuprofen now.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My Wisdom teeth started too hurt and before they got pulled I couldn't stand the pain and the only thing that made it better was 2 vicodin pills before bed. The pain went away. ”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is a great low level breakthrough pain medication for people who do not have a tolerance built up for pain medications.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Vicodin 5/500 because my wisdom tooth is erupting and I'm waiting for the surgery on Wednesday.  I was in severe pain for two days before consulting a doctor because Advil would hardly take the edge off.
Vicodin takes almost all the pain away and makes it possible to swallow FINALLY. ”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“I have suffered with low back pain - 2 surgeries for spinal fusion as well as any other procedure out there.  I now have a rod in my spine with 6 screws to secure a failed fusion.  I have been on Norco for two years and tried going up to oxycodone or percocet and found the Norco much more helpful so switched back.”2009For Pain:		“I have Primary Progressive Multiple Sclerosis, Fibromyalgia, Osteoarthritis (up and down spine). I was also in a car accident where I hit my head on the windshield cracking the glass but not my hard head. I was never taken to the doctors at anytime. Some of my shoulder and neck damage is because of this.
I started taking Norco 2 1/2 years ago. They worked for a few months then I was up to 10/325mg. I built up a tolerance to those and while on the 10/325mg I was also prescribed Oxycodone capsules I think they were 5mgs (only took them a couple of times though.)
Like one of the other posters it worked great for my pain but wired me up. Tolerance to it is pretty fast.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“For some reason this is the only pain killer I can tolerate. I have been prescribed different types of medicines and they are either to strong or don't work. The only problem I have is when you tell the doctor this they act like you are a addict, which I am not. I am just telling them what works for me so I don't waste my money on a script that doesn't work. Doctor's can't figure out why I have chronic pain.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“If you have mild back pain then this drug works well. I am 16 and after 8 months on Norco 10/325 I am now moving to schedule 2 drugs which are oxycodone but for the 8 months this drug worked very well.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had 2 left knee reconstructions and was prescribed Vicodin 10/325. After a few short weeks I was already immune to the dosage and had to start taking more. Although it works great for body pain, I have a killer headache and no appetite once it wears off. When I have a few good days that are pain free and I don't use the medication I feel like I'm going through withdrawls.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have spinal stenosis and take Vicodin 7.5/500 6-8 times a day it has taken the pain away. No side effects. Doctor says it will make me sleepy but I find is it keeps me awake. Been on it for 3 years and it's the only thing that lets me live a pain free day.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have Firbromyalgia and I take 3 to 4 daily depending on how bad the pain is for that day. Less pain and it's way worth it.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take these every 6 hours for my ankle and they really work and help out with pain. Make sure you take stool softner though.”2009“This is the greatest drug invented. I have degenerative disc disease and I am still very young and have young children. These don't make me sleepy like most other pain medicines and I am able to care for my children and go to work everyday. It really helps with my pain. It does make me a little nauseated but I found if I eat a little that helps. I don't know what I would do without it.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have used Lortab for years and it works better than any other pain medication I have tried and I have tried lots of them. I have Mono-neritus multi-plex (spelled wrong I think) and have been on Oxy, Methadone, and other powerful class II narcotics. I take one every 6 hours (4 a day) most of the time and up to 6 maximum if needed as over that you exceed the 4000 units of acetaminophen, which will effect your liver and I try and stay below the 3000 range. Yes, you get dependent on this drug but when you hurt so bad. It is a very effective old school medicine that works for me and many others with arthritis. I give it 5*****'s.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed lortab for pain due to an infected tooth.  I do not feel it helped the pain at all.  The only thing that it definitely does is helps me fall asleep.  I am still in pain waiting for the antibiotics to clear up the infection so I can get a root canal. I haven't got the same results as the people that consider this magical.  I really wish it was like that for me.”2009For Pain:		“This drug DOES help with the pain, no doubt. However, it's effects wear off the longer you use it, leaving you to have to up the dose.  I've been taking the 5/500 for about 4 years. I just spent the last 5 days going cold turkey.  It was not fun. Diarrhea, bad insomnia, lack of appetite and every flu symptom imaginable. If you are using it long term, it does get you, whether you admit it or not.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The only problem I have had with Vicodin is that it really upsets my stomach. Whether I have an empty stomach, full stomach or whether I eat right after I take it or right before. It doesn't matter. Still makes me so sick. So my doctor suggested that I crush it and add it to yogurt or something of that sort and it has been helping a lot. I don't know what the difference is but hey, it works and i'm pain free.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Powerful.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I don't know what I would do if the good lord hadn't guided me to my doctor. I couldn't function without them. They ease my back and shoulder pain enough for me to work but I can feel it if I'm pushing to hard. The people who invented this drug are a God send.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Currently in pain management. Have been taking Ms-contin and Norco both 3 times a day, for 12 years plus. Had two gyno surgeries in December and January (last Wednesday) and was prescribed vicodin as well. With the other medicines I take I found my overall pain management, not just surgical pain to be much better. Really found a few pain free moments for first time in 2 years. Great relief. Wish I could take it all the time with current pain medication regimen.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication works wonders for me.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Lortab has worked wonders for my knee pain. ”2009For Pain:		“This drug is one of only a few that actually works for my back pain. After having five children and five epidurals my back is pretty messed up. I've not used it for coughing but might try it tonight as I'm recovering from a cold that has kept me down for over two weeks.”2009Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take lortab because of a broken back. I have rods and pins to hold my back together. Lortab dulls the pain so I can tolerate it and do the things I need to do.”2009Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had severe mouth pain from infected teeth. Couldn't sleep for 2 days. NORCO took care of that. Very good medicine for pain and helps you sleep if you need it. ”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was hit by a dump truck. I tried aleve and naproxen which helped for a little while. My doctor gave me a prescription for Vicodin and it has helped me so much. Vicodin has never made me queasy, drowzy or loopy. I have never had any side effects from taking it. For severe pain, your doctor might recommend taking it with a muscle relaxant.”2009Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“WOW!  I had oral surgery and when the anesthesia wore off, the whole side of my face hurt worse than any pain I'd ever had before.  I couldn't even touch a tissue to my runny nose without going through the roof.  Within minutes of taking the Vicodin, not only was the pain gone, but I was able to sleep through the night.”2009