For Back Pain:		“Hello I have had 4 past back surgeries to include disc fusions. As a long time, 20 years on and off,  very intelligent opioid user. I know what works for me and what does not. To say all generics are the same is totally incorrect.To make a long story short I have taken every generic norco known to man. A great pharmacist who actually cares about my chronic pain and generic struggle who works for Walgreens has recently began ordering the yellow Qualitest/Par brand for me. They are soooooo much better than any other brand on the market. As close to the old Watson brand as you can get since the crackdown. All pharmacies as well as the large ones can order just about any brand. Just keep moving up the chain when they tell you they can only get the white narcos and you will find a pharmacist that actually understands and cares about your pain control.”2018For Pain:		“I am a cancer survivor M367 are garbage. I have used watson they work.  The M367  don’t work.   Something needs to be done !!!!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I found hydrocodone to be more effective then tramadol, gabapentin then  they changed the drug over the years due to drug addicts abuse.
Once the gold standard until people learned how to abuse it.
Taken as prescribed it is effective with little or no side effects.
However, it has deadly side effects when abused or mixed with other drugs. It was made with  660mg of acetaminophen which is dangerous if taking 10 pills to get high, you could do irreparable damage to your liver.
 So  the amount of acetaminophen was limited to 325 in each pill. Some drug  addicts figured out how to crush it up, prompting even more changes in the medication to prevent that abuse.
Then some unethical doctors started over prescribing it to people who didn't need it, prompting more tighter restrictions by the government.
Government has moved it from schedule III to schedule II drug further limiting its use, while states
make Marijuana which is listed as a schedule I drug, legal for recreational use.
stop abuse.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had been taking the Watson 10/325 Norco with no problems, until Walgreens went to Mallinckrodt; total waste of time. I was told by Walgreens, that Watson no longer existed and found that unacceptable. They are worlds apart and I don’t know how they’re getting  away with this. Wait, yes I do! Those that need these meds to work, so we function in life; are also victims of the opioid epidemic.
So I did some research... Watson was bought out by one of two companies. Next, I began calling pharmacies, asking the brand carried. All the chain stores had the Mallinckrodt, CVS flat refused to answer & said they’d reject my prescription if I came in and asked.
FINALLY, I found two local pharmacies that had different brands. I have gone to both pharmacies to try them and discovered that any brand OTHER than the Mallinckrodt works just fine. 
So my advice to anyone in this predicament is to try local pharmacies and step away from the Mallinckrodt garbage.”2018For Pain:		“I have been taking the Mallinckrodt hydrocodone for four months now and it is awful! I told my Dr the issues I was having on it and he wrote on my prescription "previous manufacturer only" and Walgreens filled it with Mallinckrodt without speaking to me first! Finally the other night I talked to my pharmacist at Walgreens and asked if they could order me Watson, she said no we can't get ANY other kind of hydrocodone because Walgreens has a contract with Mallinckrodt! She said a lot of customers aren't liking the switch either and she recommended that I call around and see if I can get Watson at another pharmacy. She said to check back every month to see if they are carrying it again because these things change all the time. However, I called a family owned pharmacy in my town that has great customer service reviews and the pharmacist said he can't get Watson either,  Aurobindo or KVK are the only brands available to them at this time. Has anyone on here tried either of these brands?”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Rx for pain following laparoscopic surgery.  Either my pain level after outpatient surgery was so high that it would cause me to be unconscious or screaming, or this Rx didn't work with my body as my pain level the day after surgery was 9 with this medication.  (5-325mg every 6 hours. )  Side effects for me were confusion and dizziness.”2018For Pain:		“Have taken Watson 7.5 with acetaminophen for approx 10 years and have tolerated it well with decent pain relief
I have been told by my pharmacy that it is no longer being manufactured due to lawsuits
Malinkrodt brand is absolutely garbage it causes me muscle tension and headache, the exact condition I'm taking it to relieve
Malinkrodt hydrocodone has been recalled many times for quality issues. They must be bribing the right politicians
Most reviews on this site are about how terrible Malinkrodt is. At least I realize its not just me that feels this
I used to think it was due to the inert ingredients but, now I think it's due to their pills not having the right main ingredient  or the right quantity of the main ingredient.”2018For Pain:		“I agree with everyone that this brand does not reduce pain. I agree with everyone that Walgreens is not willing to help their customers. Their Pharmacy Managers could help if they wanted by Inquiring to their District Managers, their Corporate Pharmaceutical Buyers. They should be asking themselves "HOW we can help these customers...why can’t we order Watson so everyone can live a less painful life?  Why can’t we help these people? " Their bottom line profit is there only interest. I have questioned my Walgreens location and attempted to question their Corporate Staff too. On the Corporate end they don’t care...they refuse to return calls. They direct it back to the location that won’t make any attempt to help. Now to this brand...the company ”Mallinckrodt” has had recalls on their Norco for inadequate mixture. More compounding less narcotic.”2018For Back Pain:		“I've been reading a lot of people complaining about the norco 10/325 M367 
 the Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand . I totally agree with what everyone is saying about this manufacturer and how these pills make me feel sick to my stomach and do not work nearly as well as Watson brand , I've asked the pharmacist at Walgreens why they have stopped selling watsons and I've been told they are having a hard time getting them into stock, apparently I'm not the only one complaining to the pharmacy about this issue , I'm also hoping to switch and get away from these bogus M367 pills . After 4 back surgeries and a spinal fusion I'm tired of being in pain from subpar medication and the government not looking into what kind of fillers and dosage issues . Good luck to all looking for Watson brand .”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Since all the pharmacies in my area have switched to Tris brand, everyone I know have gotten sick from them. Everybody complains and pharmacies don't care, Drs and Pharmacist treat all patients bad like they are addicts, even legitimately ill patients. They are truly playing god . FYI, i did my research and found out watson was sued by the state of Mississippi and so sold out to activis and are no longer making watsons.”2018For Back Pain:		“The M367 by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals don't work . Most are drugs are outsourced to other countries but keep the US name. The  Watson branded 10/325 only ones that work even though bought out couple yrs ago n made in Japan. The Malincrodkt are worthless it doesn't even show up on a drug test. FILED FDA COMPLAINT”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Norco for 13 years for pain relief and have no side effects. The main problem is finding a doctor to prescribe them. Many doctors mistakenly think by cutting down or stopping writing scripts for Norco, there are less overdoses. Actually the people that legitimately take it for pain are suffering and the people abusing it  have switched to heroin, which there are many more ODs from. Heroin is not controlled so it can contain deadly ingredients; also  an addict could be used to a certain strength and unknowingly buy something stronger that could kill them. This law has caused more deaths, but most doctors haven't done the research I have and don't know this. I think  the doctors should get personally involved with the patients; I would gladly answer any questions and give permission for them to check my legal history. Then hopefully the people in pain would get help and the people abusing drugs could go to rehab to get off it. That's when we'll see a drop in ODs and deaths.”2018For Back Pain:		“The government is definitely messing with the chronic pain sufferers. I pick up my meds today and for some reason my meds were cut in half. I’ve been taking Norco 10mg x 3 and 2 OxyContin 10mg slow release for the past 8 years. How do they get away with this?”2018Vicodin HP (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This was the only drug that worked for my pain.  Oxy-type doesn't work for me for some reason and I cannot take NSAIDs.  It appears they stopped manufacturing it, however, and now I'm stuck with generics that are horrible because they are not tested regularly for quality.  :(”2018For Pain:		“To everyone who complaints on these generic rip offs who  feel they aren't putting the active Ingredient in their pills please file complaints w the manufacturer as well as the FDA. It's the only way they MAY stop doing this . I suffer daily my dr will not write name brand only why idk these dr want us to suffer I believe. We need people to step up to stop this torturing of pain patients.”2018“I have had severe pain issues for 10+ years, fibromyalgia, psoriatic arthritis, neuropathy and neuralgia. I’m have been getting Norco 10/325 for at least 4 years. In all that time I never misused my medicine. I used to get my prescription from Walgreens they used the Watson/Activas brand of Norco which worked really well for me. I always had pain meds left over every month then in August of 2018 Walgreens switched manufacturers to Mallinckrodt brand it kicks in in 15 minutes which is great but only lasts 3 hours maximum. This is terrible. I’ve been in so much pain for months. I tried to switch to CVS and they had no problems filling all my other medications but sent me back to Walgreens for my Norco. I couldn’t believe it. Why would anyone want to get medicine from two different places?. That’s just insane to me. So I switched again to Costco they use a different brand I’ve never heard of so I’m hoping for the best. I”2018For Pain:		“The M365 tablet (5/325) produced by Mallinckrodt is a JOKE. Did not relieve post-op abdominal surgery pain. The only thing I felt, after taking the pill at 8pm, was a terrible headache the next morning. Thinking it was a fluke, I took another one around 12pm. Again, no pain relief, but another terrible headache around 10pm that night. I spoke with the clinical pharmacist at our military hospital and she is reporting this on the FDA’s Medwatch website. I encourage everyone who has had problems with this drug/company to report it, also. It’s a shame they are allowed to continue manufacturing this useless product.”2018For Back Pain:		“I’ve has every Tom, Dick and Harry brand since I begun taking these pre 2000 and now most recently 2011. Today I got the upteenth brand called (Wes303, light blue) made by Wes Labs. Now I believe the previous posters that mallencroft is crap. The only ones I know 100% work are Watson yellows. I have no idea how these new ones are going to work but I do agree the govt is messing with my pain meds!!! I’m chronic forever”2018For Pain:		“I suffer from arthritis and severe leg pain.  I was thankful to read the comments here regarding Mallinckrodt hydrocodone.  I have used both 7.5 and 10, and I find little relief, but I am feeling terrible (irritable, depressed, constipated).  My pharmacy is still unable to get Qualitest.  I found a pharmacy with Aurolife, so I'll try it, but I can't do the Mallinckrodt.”2018For Back Pain:		“Generics suck. Insist on Watson or another brand name!”2018“I found some info I think EVERYONE who has been forced by Walgreens to switch to G 037 norco pills, manufactured by TRIS Pharma, should be aware of. (G 035 is 5mg version) The FDA has investigated Tris Pharma multiple times over the years and most recently early this year for significant violations of current good manufacturing practice (CGMP) regulations. Basically, Tris has a bad track record of properly regulating the potency of their products. The FDA warned them they had to fix violations regarding ADHD stimulants, oral morphine sulfate solutions, and oral hydrocodone suspensions for cough suppression in a letter titled "WARNING LETTER|CMS # 534537." You can google this letter yourself by looking up the title. If Tris has violations involving potency of those medications, its safe to assume the potency of their norco pills could also be affected.”2018For Back Pain:		“For me  m367 marked tablet takes longer to act & also causes pruritus??”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco worked pretty well for me at the right dose and when rx'd with muscle relaxers. However, I was originally rx'd long acting opioids because I had liver damage due to Halothane toxicity and taking a single ingredient opioid was safer. With the new "guidelines" I can't even find a doctor who's okay with rxing Norco so I'm back to taking high doses of acetaminophen. The govt has really screwed chronic pain patients.”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Had used Qualitest Brand for years (pink with V and very hard tablet) and would have rated pain relief a 7. CVS will not carry Qualitest anymore and gave me Lupin. I get virtually no relief and they aggravate my ulcer to the point I have to take Carafate. I take them as ordered. At my last doctors appointment, they did a urine screen. NO hydrocodone was found in my urine. I had taken one the night before at 8pm and one at 8am. The test was at 1pm.  The pharmacy has now given me a different brand. Qualitest was recalled for having too much acetomenophin. Myland is now distributing the Qualitest brand. The pharmacist is ordering those to see if it helps. It is absurd there is such a variance in quality and strength. We will see how this goes!”2018For Pain:		“Like everyone else, I’ve been taking the Generic for Norco 10/325 (qualitest yellow pill) for pain relief.  The way my system breaks down the meds, the only generic that gives me relief & no side effects (fillers & binding ingred) is Qualitest/Par Pharma. Since July the meds have been on backorder & like others I’ve been given subpar substitutes-Malincrap & Sun (India based) these are the worst-main ingredients are inconsistent.  I got ahold of Par Pharma & found out that they will be releasing the first batch 1st week of November & 2nd Batch mid November.  They did not change the formula so good news for those of us that find relief from this brand. I resent the fact that I am being forced to take a specific brand of meds that do not work for me due to formula and lack of quality control. This is due to the government limiting production w/ pharma manufacturers .   Good Luck out there fellow yellow norco patients, we just need to hold on/deal with subpar meds & pain til November.”2018Zolvit (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“200% worth every penny of the $50.00 it cost. Works miracles to stop coughing”2018For Back Pain:		“I've taken Watson brand Norcos for a few yrs. Spinal fusion and both full knee replacements in last 2 yes. I'm in constant pain daily and w Watson's, it def helps and takes the edge off. Since Walgreens is no longer carrying Watson brand and is now carrying Melencodt brand, I know longer deal with them for pain meds. They are awful! Make me jittery and doesn't last more than an hour of minimal relief if any! I don't know why they did that but they will lose a lot of customers because of it! I wish I knew which pharmacies carry Watson. ”2018For Pain:		“I have been using hydrocodone for 10 years for multiple problems I have, hormone imbalance that causes migraines, back pain, ulcerative colitis, etc. I do not take them regularly, but as needed, and only get my prescription filled for them twice a year. The couple times a month I need them, I REALLY need them to function through the pain. This new brand Walgreens has switched to is terrible! I took one for back pain, and the following day I had a migraine that grew worse as the day went on. I can only guess the fillers in this brand are something my body is rejecting. On top of that, it did not remove the pain in my back. Not only did it not take the back pain away, it caused me days worth of pain to follow in a multi day migraine. This whole bottle is a waste, I will never put another one of these in my mouth again. The pills are marked G 037 which came up as Tris Pharma Inc. Shame on Walgreens’s for saving a few dollars at the expense of their patients!”2018For Back Pain:		“All right I think I may have found an alternative to Watson 10–325. I called around and found a generic version by a company called Lupin I just took some an hour ago and I can feel the difference this may even be better than the Watson brand. Like I said though this is my first go at this brand. Stay tuned”2018“I had two MAJOR operations within 2.5 years to alleviate pain. I chose a pain mgmt doctor so that I could be tapered off opioids (norco) after the surgeries. All went well, and we started to taper, (10mg 6x a day, to 7.5 4x a day, etc.) And then: I was switched from Watson to Mallinckrodt  my body felt like it was burning from the inside out, and the pills are garbage. I found 2 Watson brands in a pill box from my 1st surgery last year. They WORK my pharmacist ran out of the Mallinckrodt  & filled Watson. ($36.00 vs $24.00) and I  was able to taper to two a day!  I told him that I will pay the difference, and he agreed to order a bottle of Watson to hold for "just for me". Thank GOD!!! I'll be off by year's end!! (Do an internet search on Mallinckrodt & Adderall!!!) Best of luck!!!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've always taken the yellow norco. I fractured my hip  and my  back they stop prescribing the yellow  and now they give me white  Norco and it doesn't work at all.   Before I was taking half of a yellow norco which works fine now I take white one which  sucks - it doesn't take your pain away. I don't know what the differences and I don't know where to buy the yellow brand.  It is driving me crazy and the 1st   time I   took a the white one it gave me nightmares. Is  there is something wrong with the manufacturing process, is there QA tests on these?”2018For Back Pain:		“I agree with everyone!There is ABSOLUTELY no way they are putting the whole narcotic amount they are supposed to have in these useless M367 pills (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand). Someone with some clout needs to turn this company in to the FDA. I have been on the Watson brand for 4 years,f or a myriad of health problems.T hese meds made me feel dizzy, sick to my stomach, and DO NOT HELP with the pain at all.  The Watsons worked, M367 DO NOT.Maybe the Feds are in on it to make us suffer,or maybe the company is scheming narcotic off the books. All I know is these  Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals M367 DON"T WORK!”2018For Pain:		“I have taken generic Norco 7.5/325 for about 1 year for:
1. Pain associated with MS
2. Degenerative Disc Disease
3. Sciatica

I have tried the following generic Norco brands

A. WATSON
B. QUALITEST
C. ACTAVIS
D. MALLINCKRODT
E.  Amneal

There was as difference in effectiveness 

Here is the order I felt was more potent / efficacious 
1 = Best   5=Worst
________________________________________

1. MALLINCKRODT
2. QUALITEST
3.  WATSON
4.  ACTAVIS
5.  Amneal

_________________________________

I have read, invariably, some dislike the MALLINCKRODT
generic, but I felt it far superior, especially when'
compared with Amneal  -   Amneal is horrible
(for me, at least)   Avoid!”2018“After using for and achieving minimal pain relief, I checked to see who made this medication. Mallinkrodt is the manufacturer.  It appeared to be about 1/2 as effective in comparison to Norco, by Qualitest (yellow), or by Watson.  I refuse to take this for pain. Perhaps a report to FDA is in order.”2018For Back Pain:		“The generic hydrocodone #10 made by Mallinickroot with 325 acetaminophen is absolutely terrible compared to the name brand Norco, This knock off brand by Mallinickroot is horrible it has cause rapid tooth erosion and the growth of benign tumors in my nasal passages that have to be burnt or cut out every time I receive more than one prescription of the generic medication so users beware this is sub-par medication”2018For Back Pain:		“I have been taking a new brand of norcs..I think it is the best generic available right now. Aurobindo pharma I take 2 norcos every 4-6 hours for lower back pain and shooting pain down both legs. The only pharmacy that carries it in my area is Costco's. It helps me quicker than other generic brands available.  I thought I'd share.  Wishing you all the best of health.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is a poor substitute for Norco.
Watson 853 worked great but Activist won't distribute it
anymore.
Therefore I'm stuck with Tris Pharma  G 037.
Little or no relief!
Just wanted to let others know.”2018For Pain:		“I have chronic neck pain from a work injury with resulting arthritis setting in. It is difficult for me to hold my head up for more than a couple hours due to the pressure and pain. Then I have to lie down for relief if possible, and take hydrocodone only two/day to cope. CVS is my pharmacy. At first they gave me Qualitest brand for years, then switched to Mallinckrodt for a few months which was much less effective. Now Amneal brand which is basically totally ineffective!!!  What can I do??”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“The hydrocodone made by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals is a much weaker version of the one made by Watson. Be aware when taking this medication that many generics do not assist with pain the same way as other brands. I have found the main difference is pain relief. Where as I take one Watson made hydrocodone it equals the effectiveness of 1 1/2 Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals made hydrocodone (M366). I know from research companies make medications with different ingredients etc, and I would recommend to anyone that if you are taking this medication (hydrocodone) you splurge a little on your wallet and ask for the Watson made brand. It is more effective, lasts longer, and doesn't give you headaches. Please also never take this med to get "high" it causes regulations that make us true pain sufferers suffer more to curb your addictions and criminal behaviour. Ty.”2018For Back Pain:		“***Please Read this if you got switched on brands. 
I have been taking 10/325 Watson brand for 10+ years, I have a serious lower left back herniated disc , L3
The worst pain is in the morning and standing too long. I have been taking 4-6 tablets a day as needed. Walgreens suddenly stopped carrying Watson brand and switched to Mallinkrodt or whatever. I can honestly say first hand, these do NOTHING for my pain but make me mad and wanting more. I know people will say its the same, but its not. A real pharmacist told me the filler is different and may not be as effective for someone like me who has had one brand for 10+ years. I quit going to walgreens and I literally drove from pharmacy to pharmacy all over my city until I found one who said they will always carry Watson. Do not bother calling pharmacies, because they will all lie to you over the phone and not tell you what they use for brand, because its some violation. Just drive around, that was my best advice.”2018For Back Pain:		“Okay not sure what is going on I've been on hydrocodone 7.5/325 for at least 15 yrs due to bulging disc in my back. I got pick up my Rx and it's not actavis but mallinckrodt. Is this a sugar pill? I can barely move.  It does absolutely nothing for the pain. I'm stuck because of my insurance I can only go  to Walgreens and they said this is the only one they stock. It's ridiculous.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I used to take the 10/325 "yellow" pills, but now most pharmacies dispense white pills made by Watson, Mallinckrodt (“M”) or Amneal. Watson worked best for me, but not as well as the yellow pills. Walgreens just signed a contract with M and that's all they carry now. I can definitively say this past month has been awful. The M brand did not help my pain and made me very irritable. It's as if M put out a placebo or sugar pill. I refuse to take more pills due to the lack of efficacy of the M pills. I learned  independent pharmacies often carry several brands at one time. One near me carries three -- including PAR (the yellow ones!) I hate to sound excited, but I thought they stopped making those and have been suffering through sub-par (pun intended) substitutions. The pharmacist told me Par costs twice as much to order than other brands. My guess is that's because it actually works. If you find a brand that works for your body, it can definitely improve quality of life.”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I've tried them all, but I was very fond of the Watson imprint it worked well. Now it is my understanding they don't use them anymore. I'm really annoyed now. They give us these low cost cheap generics brands that  I personally think don't even have all 10mg of the active ingredient in them. 
 I've had it up to here with the pharmacies and there practices ..stop trying to make money off of us folks in pain.”2018For Back Pain:		“ To @Meri if you are finding this medicine doesn't work then it is time to get tested for a CYP2D6 duplication! If you have multiple copies of this gene it can and does render certain pain meds ineffective! I know because I have it! We are called ultra metabolisers which means our bodies get rid of the medication before it even has a chance to work!”2018For Back Pain:		“The one with the imprint M367 (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals) is not good. Watson brand was the best.”2018For Back Pain:		“Mallinckrodt...Mallinckrodt...please read on about this ‘POOR PERFORMING SO-CALLED DRUG for Pain relief....
Diagnosed with Ankolosing Spondylitis at age 22. Now 65. I’ve been doing cardio and resistance training for the past 40+ years and began 5K races approximately 20 years ago. All in all very healthy...can’t complain. My back started acting up about 5 years ago...had an MRI. 
Been with the same doctor for 21 years I’ve been prescribed Norco 10 325 for the past four years. I get 3 prescriptions filled per year. 90 tablets each. That comes out to less than 1 full pill per day! Quality of life has returned. Watson was the generic.
This last prescription filled by Mallinckrodt...
...does NOTHING; other than slight dizziness and foggy head for about 15 minutes.
 I still have a few of my Watson and when I take it...there definitely is a difference...pain manageable. 
...happy days”2018For Back Pain:		“Every time I get my RX for my Hydrocodone10/325 at my pharmacy it was by the manufacturer Mallinckrodt and this stuff does NOT touch my pain. I have a serious back condition, a fracture, stenosis and arthritis. I had my doctor change my pharmacy to Walgreens and the first time I got my Rx. it was alright and it was not Mallinckrodt. O.K. the last 2 times it is again this Mallinckrodt, so I had changed my pharmacy for nothing. I swear, I will NEVER again accept a RX of hydrocodone by this manufacturer EVER again. It is absolute junk, honestly is there any active ingredients in it? Does the FDA ever check? It did nothing for my pain, no relief whatsoever, it was like I took sugar pills.”2018For Back Pain:		“I have three different types of arthritis and I take Norco for back pain.  I have used Walgreens pharmacy for a while now. I picked up my Norco script today and discovered they have switched manufactures. Typically, I try to take half a pill so they last longer since it is so hard to get narcotics these days. I took half a Norco tonight and it was as if I had not taken anything! This new manufacturer they use Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals is not any good at all. Do not waste your time or money. Go to a different pharmacy to fill your Norco script.”2018For Pain:		“Since the "druggies" decided to ruin it for all who actually need an opiate, we're pretty have a problem (Sudafed as well)! I used to take Lortab 10 (Pink). My doctor switched me to Norco 7.5/325, and Man 'ole Man - JUNK! I think the Watsons are the best, and will only fill if I see an imprint of N357 or 3203-Watson! The M366 (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals) are worthless, and I will NOT fill if that's all they have! My script is now 6 days past due, because I'm looking for a pharmacy who doesn't carry that rubbish brand! I take 3, and I still can't move! An Advil works better than those! We shouldn't have to live in pain because SOME people WANT to abuse their meds! I do not, and I'm randomly tested! NEVER failed, so why are we being punished?! We shouldn't be punished, THEY should! This is getting ridiculous! ”2018For Back Pain:		“I have taken this medication for at least 10 years and always had a good result.  But now, there is no relief.  The manufacturer has changed but the strange thing is.  The brand is Mallinckrodt 10/325 dose .  Pill with imprint M367”2018For Pain:		“Ok so I have  Lupus, RA ,Osteoarthritis, disc degeneration disease, arthritis, lower back pain,Fibromyalgia, shoulder impingement.  I'm use to taking watson 10/325 Norcos every 4-6 hours. That one time I was informed and I choose to go ahead and try them, That was the WORSE THING ever.The norcos had G037 on them and they did not WORK what so ever. They took pain away for no more then 2 hours. Now Walgreens is back using that manufacturer instead of the one that are making the watsons. That is the WORSE DECISION THAT WALGREENS COULD MAKE. Please listen to everyone that say this manufacturer does not WORK. Any Norco with G037 r G035 don't get them. Make sure that you ask the pharmacist what manufacturer they use. If you deal with Walgreens on a regular make sure you always ask because recently I didn't  check and ended with G037. The pharmacist did not tell me that manufacturer had changed and tried to get smart with me and another's tried to tell me that they work the same. There was nothing that Walgreens could do, so please ASK QUESTIONS.”2018For Pain:		“Throughout all those years (13)  I was fine. I'd taken several generics, some good some ok, but never completely ineffective, until my Dec. 2017 prescription. Every since then every generic I've tried has been horribly ineffective,  or only effective for a short period of time. The one thing that has been consistent though is the side effects! I'm guessing the fillers have not been changed. Since last year I've tried Actavis, Malinckrodt, Auburion, all with the same results. But here's the kicker, so one day I was wearing a shirt I hadn't worn in some time and in the pocket I found half a pill, it had been probably almost a year since I'd worn that shirt and I'm pretty sure the pill was from a costco prescription when they had the brand Interpharm. 
I was curious if it still had any effectiveness so I took it. IMMEDIATE RELIEF! It was at that moment that I knew for sure that the generics are all useless!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Hey @kammideb  I don't know if it just the rules but surgeons or regular doctors are not supposed to prescribe  scheduled pain meds after 3 months post op. In addition to other issues I had a spinal fusion whose screw need to come out as they created bursas as well cervical at every level falling apart.  You need to go to a pain management doctor if you need to continue drug treatment. They can prescribe whatever you need. The bigger problem is the consolidation of drug cos and pharmacies. The big pharms only carry the cheapest and weakest. But find the one the works for you and hopefully they will continue making. Small mom/pop pharms are typically not constricted by contracts, so are able to get you the generic brand you want.”2018For Back Pain:		“I have been taking hydrocodone 10/325 for years due to back surgery along with shoulder pain and all of a sudden they giveme  what feels like fake white pills imprinted with 1p  110 (Amneal Pharmaceuticals). They do nothing. I think since they wanted to stop giving everyone vicodin they are trying to substitute them with worthless  placebo -like pills and I am in a lot of pain. Next time I will ask what brand of pills they will be giving me before I get them filled”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I thought it was me. I have arthritis in my neck and have been on 7.5-325 for a while. My pharmacy is CVS and for the last year ( at least ) I've been getting the white pills from Lupin, they're awful compared to the other generics I've taken. I believe I'm switching pharmacies next month after reading the comments on here. Thank you all for sharing, now I know I'm not any crazier than I've always been!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had surgery on a torn tendon in my elbow. Norco gives me zero relief. I've found ibuprofen also has no effect on level of pain for me either. What is the point? Or are some folks just immune? I haven't taken a  lot of pills in my lifetime so I don't think it's built up tolerance... It just doesn't work for me.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I’ve been taking Norco for about two years. It’s really the only thing that helps my pain. I usually get my script filled at CVS and, lately, I’ve noticed the generic they use is pretty worthless. Takes sometimes double the pills to get just a little pain relief. Recently switched to the M367 generic (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals) at Walgreens and, wow, what a difference. One pill lasts me almost an entire work day whereas the other generic was requiring two to three just to get partial relief. Never really thought there was much difference in generics but I guess there is!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have tons of back issues degenerative disk disease, arthritis, bulging disks, scoliosis and who knows what else as my low back has been killing me so I went to the ER and they of course said I’ll give you muscle relaxers and I laughed and said I know for a fact this isn’t muscle related and in the past had Norco for broken bones and when my back gave me severe pain, Thing is I’m on Xanax which I let them know and I just space the two at least 2 hours apart up to 6 hours apart even breaking the 5mg Norco apart.   Today I’m reading about being careful if your on Xanax which I take a low dose of .5mg even break them in half to maybe 3/4 of a pill and take it. I’ve never had a problem with either pill, abusers ruin it for us that need these.”2018For Pain:		“The white pills by Lupin are the least effective I have had. The strength each month is less. I am 72 years old and have several problems that involve the right lower quadrant of my back. Bladder/urethra/ureter surgery, bowel hernia, degenerative disk issues not appropriate for more surgery. I finally found relief with hydrocodone 10/325. My insurance changed last year and I had to use local network pharmacies. This is the worst pain medication on the market. Even Watson was better. This is a new product I was told and to give it more time. Something to do with the opioid epidemic. I really do not understand why old people are expected to be in pain when they can no longer can get around. I can accept that doctors cannot fix is When our body parts get old but I would like to be more comfortable to enjoy my family.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been taking Norco for awhile and the manufacturer was actavis and they really didn't help that much. Well I just got another prescription filled and Walgreens changed manufacture again which is mallinckrodt and they do nothing at all but give me pains in my stomach and give me a slight headache.  I wish these manufacturers would stop playing around with the ingredients we are in pain and need something for pain - not  the ineffective ones we are getting now”2018For Pain:		“I have had numerous experiences with hydrocodone, (vicodin) over many years.  When I first tried, (abused) it I didn't like the effects at all. It wasn't the same as other opioids and had a strange feeling to it. Over the years experiencing it as most people in pain do, I found it to be almost ineffective. Ibuprofen is a way more effective substitute. If you can abstain from opioid use of any kind, (except in the most extreme cases.) then do so. Opioids are a very slippery slope.”2018For Back Pain:		“I live in a suburb near Chicago Illinois..I've been dealing with chronic pain for 20 years. I'm on norco 10's for some pain relief for 2 herniated discs and shooting bilateral pain. I found out Watson norco is no longer available and Actavis took it over.  Today I'm going to try a new brand that Costco pharmacy carries. I hope it helps relieve some pain.  It's a Indian pharmaceutical Company other than Lupin. Arunda something..Will post later if it helped or not.”2018For Pain:		“As a 30 year old and 17 year cancer survivor with a total knee and right distal femur replacement, I struggled with chronic pain for years and went to many Drs that did nerve blocks that didn't work or just told me my age was too young and they didn't wanna touch me. At 26 I met with my Dr now and she put me on 10mg Norco and my life changed almost overnight for the better. I've barely had any days I feel like I can't walk or get out of bed, and my son who came along a few months after loves having daddy able to play with him outside and take him on bike rides. My only issue is having to take many pills a day, I hate the taste and if I leave and forget them at home, after about 5 hours you can defiantly feel it wear off and it hits like a brick, but overall it's been a life saver.”2018Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I'm a chronic pain patient due to scoliosis and a subsequent spinal fusion performed in 1980. When they discovered my rib hump, my curve had already reached a staggering 46 degrees. The fusion and subsequent Harrington rod insertion stopped the curve from getting any worse but left me in a great deal of pain and musculosketal problems. I was 20 then and now I am 57. I have been taking narcotic opioid pain medication off and on ever since. Lortab 10's have been very helpful”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Does not work”2018For Back Pain:		“I have taken these for 60 days after using another brand for 4 years. The quality of the Novel labs is spotty at best. My experience with them has been a disaster. They crumble, dissolve before you can swallow them and they wear off inconsistently. One might work for 6 hours, the next one barely 3. This is a real problem if you've been on long term pain management as it will cause you to experience withdrawal symptoms. I was being scheduled for an MRI and heart monitor test, until I ran out, was given a different brand for the subsequent prescription and my symptoms disappeared. I read they've been cited by the FDA twice already for quality control issues even though they've been on the market in the US less than a year. You can crush one with two fingers, and that is dangerous.”2018For Pain:		“Doesn't help with cancer pain”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had surgery and was prescribed this for pain. It did absolutely nothing for the pain but it did cause me anxiety and put me in a bad mood.  After reading other reviews, Doctors shouldn't be prescribing this "do nothing" drug that actually makes you feel worse, not better.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“If you like to feel nauseated with zero pain relief, this drug is for you.  It is THE WORST.”2018Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I was born with a gene called hlab27+ . I have arthritis and consecutive tissue disorder. As a child I tried to play but got tired and too painful to stay up for long periods of time. I stayed in bed a lot. I tried to ride bikes with my friends as a teen but struggled. Until a Dr put me on pain meds in my 40s that I felt relief for the first time. Now the medical field is trying to reverse back. They need to hear the other side of the people that have been helped. It is not our fault if people are misusing their medication. I really do not believe this is the cause of the epidemic. Drunk drivers are caused by drinking too much and driving. If you don't over drink and you don't drive while drinking then there's no issue. Same thing here. I truly had no life before this pain medicine”2018Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had been on Vicodin off and on for the last twelve years until recently. My doctor will no longer prescribe this for me because of all the addiction news that is going on with the government. I have had 2 spinal fusions in the past 15 years and never abused the drug nor had any addiction problems. It is the only medicine that helped my pain. I have not found anything to replace it.  I now take 4 Motrin at a time along with a herbal supplement called Kratom. This lessens the pain somewhat but am still in severe pain at times. I had no noticeable side effects from the Vicodin.”2018For Pain:		“I was prescribed this for pain management. I had sudden onset severe tooth pain and went to two different dentists to try and get one of my wisdom teeth pulled. Neither would do it and the best I could get was an appointment to see an oral surgeon in 12 days. 

I have never taken or been prescribed a narcotic before so was a little worried. My current pain level I would describe as a 9. The only thing I have experienced that hurt worse than this was a dislocated shoulder.

The Dr. Prescribed 5/325 hydorcodone/acetaminophen and this is barely touching my pain. I'm taking a lot of ibuprofen and naproxen as the narcotic had absolutely zero effect. Going on my second night of not being able to sleep due to pain now. This stuff is complete rubbish.”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“It’s just like taking Tylenol. Very weak. I have to supplement with ibuprofen”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is not the same as lortab it's so fake. The doctors say that the drug companies  have taken out some of the acetaminophen and changed  the name. Doctors can't  doctor when the government  is telling them how to do it.”2018For Back Pain:		“Works great at first but has a short shelf life.  Otherwise, effects wear off soon.”2018For Pain:		“Would like to know if pharmaceutical companies are giving out fake Vicodin the White Watson 853. I have chronic pain all times and now the pills I have been getting are not working at all. I Really think there are people that are pressing for you or the pharmacist someone is messing with people lives . Let me know please thank you”2018For Back Pain:		“I'm 74 had back surgeries, I've 5 years and my back hurts worse now than ever. Dr prescribed hydrocodone /acetaminophen 10 /325 got the yellow pills with a V on them and they eased the pain enough to function ok for 3 years. Yesterday CVS gave me white chalky and too soft pills made by LUPIN. Worst quality I've ever seen and does not help my pain at all. Can't believe CVS would treat their customers that bad ! Will not buy anything there again neither will my family.”2018For Back Pain:		“I'm 61 and have been dealing with chronic back pain since 2009 . And I have taking ibuprofen, Advil and Tylenol to see if it will help with the pain. I had to stop that in fear of what it would do to my body. Because I had to take too many with no success. So so I knew I could not keep taking all them pills with the fear of what it will do to my liver. I  cannot do things like going for a walk, working around the house or even taking a shower without the pain flaring up. And the Acetaminophen /Hydrocodone  dose not help like I thought. Not sure if it's  the Brand or the 7.5 mg that they have me on. But it only works for about half hour and that's only if I'm not up and moving around . I can't even go the store with out getting a cart to lean on while I'm grocery shopping. Can't be on my feet but for a short  time before my back starts to hurt.”2018For Pain:		“I have taken Hydrocodone 10-325 by Watson but M637. I had hip replacement and was prescribed 853 on discharge. It took longer to provide relief, maybe an hour, but did provide the relief needed. Gave me a slight headache right at the beginning of taking it right in the forehead/eyes but was short lived”2018For Pain:		“I had been on a white pill with red flecks #3604, V on other side for 9 years. It worked well with no noticeable side effects. I was able to be comfortable. Usually I only needed half a pill. Never a euphoric feeling media talks about.
   Now all local pharmacies carry other pills. I have tried two types (white G 035 and white 2172). I can't take either of them. 2172 doesn't work and bad side effects, almost everyone carries that pill now.  G035 no good either. I was told they are all the same medicine by a pharmacy but they definitely are not. Pills should not be interchanged just because they are all on the generic list. The inactive ingredients are important too. 
    Really unhappy my life is back to just making it through. Aren't there any government agency that rates effectiveness of the medications being distributed? I obviously don't have a choice. I would chose the white and red fleck pill #3604, which I was told is not manufactured anymore.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“After I had a tooth extracted my jaw swelled up and I was in considerable pain.  My dentist prescribed the Norco 5/325 pill.  At first I decided to try aspirin because I didn't want to get involved with an opioid.  The aspirin helped a great deal but I was taking  a whooping dose which put me at risk for internal bleeding as well as putting stress on my kidneys.  So I tried the Norco pill.  Absolutely no effect.  This pill is a fake.  I went back to the aspirin and the relief was almost immediate.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Broke my wrist & painful contusions to chest and back. Dr. gave me script for Norco which sort of helped a few years ago. Instead of Watson , I was given Norco by McNeal. Absolutely did not help with pain in wrist break or contusion pain. Sensitive to opioids & usually get severe migraine from Norco. But not this time - nothing happened at all. Felt like I was taking plain Tylenol.  I suffered for 10 days 24/7 waiting for some little relief which never came !”2018Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was in a head on collision with a cattle truck when I was 30 years old. I'm 66 now. I since have had six joint replacements and multiple other surgeries to repair multiple fractures in both femurs and other bones.
I have used vicotin 7.5/325 for 30 years and found that it is extremely helpful. It does not interfere with my productivity, concentration, agility, or other impairment.
I'm horrified to have it taken away after responsible long term use.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Taking this solidly about 5 yrs now. PEOPLE PLEASE; If you take anything...there is a risk to become addicted. How many are you drink sodas, eat junk food or diet sodas daily? All can hurt you, possibly kill you. If you have real pain, this works. Be responsible and take what is prescribed. If your body is getting use to the dose, tell your doctor. Don't take more. Sometimes taking this can cause rebound headaches. Will cause constipation. Can make your skin dry. This medicine does not make me drowsy or slows my heart rate. It could for you. Be safe. Live well.”2018For Pain:		“I used to take medicine for my pain due to bulging disc that caused pain due to it pressing against my sciatic nerve. I took two Watson’s of 5mg a day and it helped the pain. I haven’t taken them for a long time since I got a cortisone shot in my back which helped the pain to prevent me from needing Norco. I recently injured myself and the doctor prescribed it but this was not Watson and has no effect on my pain. Pharmacy gives me no information and says it’s the same but it’s not. My tolerance would be decreased since I haven’t needed them for months. Anyone else feel the same? Are there places to complain or check into what is legal? 

Then scrolling down to the bottom to submit this, it asks me if my insurance covered it and how much the co-pay was! That seems odd. It feels like a political thing or maybe people were getting addicted to pain pills that people who really do have medical needs can no longer get help?!?!”2018For Cough:		“I rarely use Norco. My prescription is about 5 years out of date. I found out a few years ago that the Norco worked great when I had a terrible cough. Worked much better than anything prescription or over the counter cough meds I'd taken in the past. Told this to one of my doctors and really got the stink-eye. Just don't really like the side effects of hydrocodone... But way better than suffering a hacking cough!”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was given a prescription for Norco 7.5mg after I had 3 impacted wisdom teeth removed. One was not erupted and I also had to have a bone graft on my left side. The Norco helped somewhat but I also took Ibuprofen 800mg with it for breakthrough pain. That really helped a lot.”2018For Back Pain:		“I spent 30 years with the same doctor in Oklahoma. When I moved to Texas, I was farmed out to Pain Management where I was given Norco. Two years later, I have taken myself off of it because I no longer want to be part of a system that treats me like I am on parole. My insurance will pay for 13 drug tests if its in network. There are 10 pages of labs but 2 clinics could care less and would prefer I pay $150. each month probably because that’s how they are doubling their money. I am surprised they did not require I live in some lab so I can be studied while on their precious ineffective Norco. Everyone just spend your money on CBD oil. It is a hard road taking Norco three times a day for two years. Luckily I didn’t have a stroke.”2018For Back Pain:		“been off and on with them for years so they're losing their effectiveness on me.”2018For Back Pain:		“The lupin brand hydrocodone has nothing for my pain and I have been sick to my stomach and exhausted and almost like I'm having withdrawals.  The hydrocodone with the v on it always worked well.”2018Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been taking hydrocodone 10/325 with M367 imprint for chronic back pain for 5 years with good pain relief. Pharmacy switched vendors now pills have  imprint G 037. I've been taking them as directed for 3 days with no pain relief.”2018“Just had shoulder surgery. Got my rx filled and noticed they were a different brand. I filled at a different pharmacy than normal. Its on a bad side of town. I don't feel they should carry different brands going from one side to the other. But I can see why they make more money here. They are from novel laboratories. Two hours after my block wore off I was in extreme pain. I bumped up to two but the quality is horrible. I knew I should've gone to my regular pharmacy. I almost thought they were fake because of the die the used and quality.”2018For Pain:		“I too am sensitive to generics. It would be helpful to name the manufacturer that is making the bad generic so I can take it off the list”2018For Back Pain:		“What we need to be asking is why is hydrocodone being regulated. If they're only issue is Health concern and the number of deaths. Why are they not targeting cigarettes and alcohol there is a liquor store on every corner and you can get cigarettes anywhere. People die from drunk driving accidents everyday people die from drinking too much alcohol everyday people die from lung cancer every day but the government makes money off of cigarettes and alcohol. That is why they are not regulating these two things.”2018For Back Pain:		“Due to a desire to make more money rather than supply a product that works, my recent supply of pain medicine from CVS was from a company called Amaeal. Previously, they supplied Qualitest which was sufficient for a generic pain med. This switch to Amaeal was a horrible choice by CVS, and it should be noted that they tried this stunt several years ago and had such an outcry that they switched back. Over the past several months the same thing has happened but they have no desire to listen to their customers.  So if you have chronic pain and want a product that works, DO NOT USE this brand. As a result of their corporate attitude, I took all of my business to another company, and I hope that after reading this post, that you do the same.”2018For Back Pain:		“I agree with the user review regarding Lupin, the brand of hydrocodone that CVS sells.  Not only did I get NO relief from my chronic pain but experienced awful side effects such as feeling like I'm going to pass out along with dizziness.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I broke a rib and was given Norco 5/325 in the ER. No pain management whatsoever. I quit taking it and went back to self-medicating. Norco is that ineffective.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking generic. Norco for what seems like an eternity. Over 10 years. Numerous leg operations, infections, replacements, revisions , etc. 
first I don’t know why the operations themselves didn’t take this horrible constant pain away but anyway, been to about three different pharmacies now as they ALL eventually switch to cheaper and cheaper and weaker and weaker generics. If I ask my dr. To specify I get the brand Norco, will the insurance not cover and will it be unaffordable?
I definitely have a tolerance to them but these cheap latest white IP ones are weaker than plain Tylenol. 
The long and winding road.”2018For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Just been in so much pain since CVS went to Lupin hydrocodone,  I noticed the first day and first dose something was wrong , it doesn't work, unfortunately CVS says this is it. My insurance won't cover any thing else , went to my doctors , he increased the amount , however even this does nothing , I've been told it's me , that no one else has complained , I find this hard to believe ,”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Prescribed for broken bones. Does nothing for the pain, just makes me groggy and irritable on top of the pain.”2018For Pain:		“I have been on hydrocodone for 10+ years due to a bad car wreck I have always took the Watson brand then my pharmacy switched to this brand I do not feel that it works as good. It takes a lot longer to ease my pain and wears off quicker.”2018For Back Pain:		“I am not at all pleased with this supply of what my pharmacy gave me this month. They have hardly any affect for the pain I have in my back. They are soft and have a chalky film on them that make me feel sick to my stomach when they start to dissolve in mouth before I can get them swallowed. This product needs to be pulled from the shelf.”2018Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Like taking nothing”2018