For Back Pain:		“I'm , on the horrible generic mallinckrodt brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone it is absolute garbage, doesn't work for the pain gives me fuzzy head, sick feeling,  I don't even think this any hydrocodone in it.  In the  trash it goes , and in pain I stay”2019For Back Pain:		“I thought it was just me until I read the comments about the drug with M367 )printed on them (generic acetaminophen with hydrocodone. I am currently calling pharmacies today inquiring about the brand of hydrocodone they carry before I get my prescription filled.  I agree they are not adding enough of the pain meds to help me make it for a couple of hours. My lower back and hip constantly hurts, whereas, before they change the dosage in 2019, I was getting enough relief to function an entire day off one 10/325 pill.
We need help! I don't abuse my meds but I want what I pay for to work!”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been taking norco  (acetaminophen with hydrocodone) for 10 yrs or more. Rite aid has decided to change to Camber pharmaceuticals the pills gave me no relief it felt like I had bugs crawling all over my body. Now I have to make sure my dr gives me brand Norco. I noticed the FDA does not quality test these drugs, they just leave it up to the companies to do their own testing!!!!  How do we even know what is in this med? If any one else has the same problem we should stop all of our scripts from Rite aid...I heard they are going to get all their drugs from Camber pharmaceuticals which is based out of India.”2019For Back Pain:		“The new acetaminophen with hydrocodone band  from Cambra is garbage it doesn't work.  The Mallinckrodt  brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone only worked a little.”2019For Pain:		“Have been taking hydrocodone for 15 years, 5 per day, for atypical migraines. For the past year at least have been getting Mallinckrodt brand from RiteAid, with some relief. This month Riteaid switched suppliers, to the Camber brand. Camber acetaminophen with hydrocodone provides substantially less relief, and also gives an itching side effect. I have some allergies which care providers don't believe until they see it - nylon sutures turn the location bright red and swollen, for example. I am suspicious of the fillers and other content.”2019For Pain:		“I have Fibromyalgia, neck herniated discs, plantar fasciitis. What is going on they've been changing the generics, so they don't work why are they doing this to us? We are not the criminal junkies overdosing on illegal drugs. I have been taking the same tris pharmaceutical brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone for several years at work ok until last year they changed it, so now it does not work. I know they changed it because I had some old pills left and they looked different got my new prescription and it's even worse than it was before. I am devastated I have to support myself and I won't be able to with this pain being untreated I can no longer clean my home or care for my sick cat. I am scared to death why is the government doing this to us ????  We need to file a complaint with drug manufacturer  AND FDA maybe enough people are NOT complaining to the FDA  and that is why all THESE companies have gotten away with it for so many years, as this all started about 6 years ago, when the Watson brand changed from yellow to white. Please file a FDA complaint”2019For Pain:		“I had terrible swelling and intolerable pain from an infection. I got the safe limits of tylenol and ibuprofen and was climbing the walls to the point that I had to have intravenous antibiotics and intravenous ibuprofen, which controlled the swelling and gave me some relief while held overnight in hospital. Went home with this medication. The pain hit again, I took it at 5 hour intervals and it stopped the pain dead enough for me to get my first nights sleep in 5 days of writhing pain. It was a great relief in this short term pain control scenario. I didn't feel any side effects to speak of except relief. I was off it in 4 days with no lasting effects.”2019For Pain:		“Shocked that I have been taking generic Norco (acetaminophen with hydrocodone) and wondering why IT ISN’T HELPING. I used to get enough relief with the Watson brand to function enough,  but that changed in [maybe] 2018. I didn’t know why, & I thought I just had to suffer to the point of being bedridden. I wasn’t aware of the change in manufacturer until now.   Mallinckrodt brand of acetaminophen & hydrocodone DOESN’T WORK. I cannot believe that doctors are prescribing this new brand of garbage & allowing severely debilitating pain patients to suffer.  I am so glad that I looked at the label on my generic Norco today.  Thank you to everyone here who took the time to write about this maddening situation. Thank you so much.”2019For Back Pain:		“I picked up generic Norco refill today (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) rite aid switched to T 259 which is made by Cambra. Cambra started generic Norco early this year. I was taking Mallinckrodt which worked for me. T 259  Cambra acetaminophen with hydrocodone is not working for me. Anyone else taking this brand.”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have very serious pain and have been on this medication for 5 years. If you're given Mallinckrodt or Amneal brands, take my advice and throw it right in the trash. I truly believe they are putting, maybe, .01 mgs. per pill NOT 10 mgs. The FDA is clearly not doing their job, what a lousy government we have to let this happen in this day and age. I have researched and researched this medication to make sure it wasn't just me and every single medical site and chat site I visit it's been the same exact complaints as mine, thousands if not more of the same complaint - INEFFECTIVE. If you're given one of these brands you will NOT get one iota of relief from your pain. The FDA needs to do something about this, they're obviously NOT doing their job! WHY?”2019For Pain:		“Please file complaints w the FDA about these scamming companies who are putting little to no hydrocodone into these generic acetaminophen / hydrocodone pills. I have been on Tris brand for 4 yrs last year they changed them they work like there is only half the actual amount of hydrocodone that they should be, just got newest refill and have been feeling withdrawal type feelings. The only way to stop them is to have the FDA investigate ,Unless this is all the government doing to torture us to death as they have been doing the last several years. This is absolutely sickening they're allowed to do this. I have tried every generic Norco 10mg none of them work this Tris  brand used to sort of work but now they cut the hydrocodone again. It isn't just  me having tolerance because last year when this happened had some old pills left and I took one I felt immediate relief. Same thing as this month. These companies need 2 go to prison 4 hurting us. Dr won't prescribe name brand and no pharmacy will fill name brand I have called many they all say they don't keep it in stock. What's the point of having name brand”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“The Mallickrodt brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone is the weakest, fake-est drug on the market. For the first time in over a year I finally got some that worked last month and I thought, great, they finally weeded out the garbage junk I've been getting for over a year when low and behold this month it's back to the junk. These pills are complete blanks, placebos, I am sure this is no active ingredients in them. Won't touch my pain no matter how many I take. They're white with M367 on them.  FDA - Do YOUR JOB and STOP allowing this garbage on the market.”2019For Pain:		“I haven’t taken pain medicine in 16 years due to it immediately making me vomit and knocking me out in the past. But I started norco generic acetaminophen / hydrocodon 5-325 today. It’s by Mallinckro. My pain for the last few years had become unbearable so I decided to try it in halves. Absolutely works great for me. Took the first half and within 15 minutes NO PAIN no vomiting etc. Took the other half before bed and actually slept 6 hours! Haven’t slept in years and I’m not in pain at all while writing this review. I’ve had an experience with different brands being garbage on my Klonopin but as far as this I think it’s wonderful. I took so much ibuprofen over the years and Tylenol arthritis I should probably not be alive so I’m pretty surprised and thankful for this. My pharmacy is also an amazing one. They will get whatever brand the person requests if it’s available on the market.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“When the Watson brand  of acetaminophen / hydrocodone was available this medication was wonderful. The last 2 months I noticed a difference in my prescription not working effectively. I honestly could feel little to no relief and excessive drowsiness through out the day.  I called the pharmacy and found out the manufacturer was Mallinckrodt. After reading reviews about others taking this brand I have decided to talk to my Pain specialist and switch medications rather than try to search for a pharmacy with a different brand. Good luck to you all and I pray that we all get some relief from ongoing pain. #Peaceandlove”2019For Pain:		“As many have said Mallinckrodt  brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone is worthless I take 1 early morning about 6 am so groggy, fatigued  I can't get up until noon or later. I've complained to local Kroger. Out of their hands, up to their corporate buyers. Many other chains carry this junk acetaminophen with hydrocodone brand . Yellow ones others mentioned work much better with few side effects. I think those are made by PAR. Hospital pharmacy used to have those then switched to Amneal which work better than mallincrap but not as well as Par.”2019For Back Pain:		“Was given Rhodes pha brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone and doesn't take pain away but makes me tired and nauseated. My stomach hurts, head hurts feel like the pill is garbage. Thank God I didn't pay for it. I been through a lot of makers and this is the newest and no good brand. Yes name makes a difference. Kaiser has the best to my knowledge. It's not in your head and all pills are not the same. If they were they'd have one maker. And I get 10/325 just not the same. It's no wonder so many over dose occur these new pills don't work anymore.”2019For Pain:		“I have taken the acetaminophen with hydrocodone Watson brand 10/325 and now take M367 which is another manufacturing company. I haven’t noticed too much of a difference. My friend who also suffers with pain takes acetaminophen with hydrocodone  imprinted 358 made by lupin. She hates them. I never realized that manufacturing companies did this sort of thing. It’s sad for the people who suffer so greatly.”2019For Back Pain:		“Have had several different medications for back pain. The gambit of steroids for nerve pain and even tramadol with no success. Received a prescription for this acetaminophen and hydrocodone medication and had it filled at CVS. I was naive upon receiving it and didn't think there would be a difference between generic, and name brand. CVS only provides the Aurobindo Pharma version, (whether you're self pay or insurance), of this medicine which had no affect. I'm self pay so the only factor is price and whether a pharmacy provides a medication. I've heard anecdotal information about how this type of medicine should work for my condition but considering this one didn't I can only assume this Aurobindo manufacturer is failing to produce a quality medicine. I've never heard or read of this manufacturer's version of acetaminophen/Hydrocodone working for anyone. I would not recommend it considering how difficult it is, even with legitimate reasons, to receive a prescription for pain medications. There are other generics with better stories of success”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“The Tris brand of acetaminophen and hydrocodone with  imprint G037 doesn’t help with my pain and it’s thrown me into a horrible depression. This is horrible I’ve been seriously depressed since I’ve been on this medication for over a month and I’m still in pain. This medicine is horrible. Good luck out there.”2019For Back Pain:		“After just 3 days of being on NORCO 10MG I have to admit that the Mallinckrodt version is flawed. Equal MG dosage does not translate across brands.I was doing fine on Vicoprofen 7.5 Qualitest Brand 
 (AVOID AMNEAL!!!! Like my review above it is not effective).Problem was I need eight of 7.5s a day.My Doctor thought that insurance would not cover that amount of pills so he prescribed the Norco 10 MGs. I would feel relief from the Vicoprofen within 10 minutes. It takes the NORCO at least 45 minutes to start reducing pain. On top of that once it has started working it seems to wear off within 2 hours not the 4 hours it was made to cover. I'm finding that many Pharms are buying these LOWER COST Brands. I have been told that there can be variation of % in doses.I believe that's what we are seeing in many of these brands...where there SHOULD be 10mgs...there might only be 7. Do not accept these cheap imitations.”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Using hydrocodone / acetaminophen 10/325 & it's not working. Last prescription not working, suggested my pain has increased. I purchased next prescription, no relief. Took two 10/325, no relief, & didn't make me sleepy. I believe it's the medication. I waited for  the time for my next dose & instead  took 800 mg of Motrin & a BC powder &  got some relief. Waited for next time if medication dose, took 2 hydrocodone again, nothing. I was crying &  in much pain. I've never taken pain meds my entire life until I was diagnosed with RA & SLE. This medication should be working for me but it isn't. I was admitted to the hospital for stomach issues & was given a hydrocodone 10/325 in the hospital, it knocked me out! I asked them to request an order from doctor to only take half of the hydrocodone while I in the hospital & the half hydrocodone in the hospital relieved my pain. I've read comments   from internet, other people having same issues.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Just changed from  Qualitest 7.5 mg Vicoprofen to Norco 10 mg. I'm hoping Norco works as well. I know by experience that people/myself react differently to generics. Amneal did not work for me...their 7.5s felt like 4 mgs. I was trying Zohydro 30mgs...but with 60 mgs I STILL needed 30 more mgs of another medication. I have found that most companies are choosing the cheapest brand generics to sell and they can be inferior. If you find that this is true...search out another generic.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication doesn't even take the edge off of the pain after tooth extraction. Doesn't even make me sleepy so I could at least sleep through the pain”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This drug works great at relieving the pain after gallbladder surgery.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had back pain for years but didn’t see a Dr. until the last few years. Recently had back surgery. I’ve taken Norco off and on and it does help with the pain but it just doesn’t last long and I need a high dose that makes me sleepy. My big complaint is the restrictions on opioids. If I have MRI reports that indicate I have a real need for them why do I have to go every month to get a prescription? I understand patients make up illnesses to get them, but if there’s no indication at all they need to not receive them. It shouldn’t affect someone who does.”2019For Back Pain:		“Osco normally carries Mallinckrodt brand, of acetaminophen with hydrocodone which is absolute garbage. I’m pretty sure some of the pills are duds. A month ago, Osco ran out of their garbage Mallinckrodt Hydrocodone, so they gave me Cara brand, which is so much better. I asked them to continue getting that brand for me and they won’t. I’ve been back on the  Mallinckrodt brand for a week and have been going through withdrawals on and off, which kind of proves my point in how terrible this brand is. I’m now trying to find a pharmacy that carries the Cara brand acetaminophen with hydrocodone which seems to have the right dose in them. I went through this before when the Watson brand was discontinued. I’m sick of getting garbage meds from garbage pharmaceutical companies.”2019For Pain:		“I have left a few comments here with my experience with the generics of acetaminophen and hydrocodone I have osteoarthritis. Username is Abriton. As I have said before here, I am now using Amneal brand acetaminophen & hydrocodone.  It is still working OK.  However, I take 7.5 mg instead of 5mg. You can also add 2 Aleve later.  Try it.  Good luck everyone.

BTW have you considered asking your doctor to request a compounded prescription for hydrocodone?”2019For Back Pain:		“I've been on pain meds acetaminophen & hydrocodone watson 10 mg for over 10 years. I recently just got this oval UO3 acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10 mg this is the most suckiest pill I have ever takenI  specifically asks CVS not to give this kind to me I have told him this does not work well he told me its all in my head.   But this pill gives me a headache it does NOT TAKE PAIN AWAY LIKE THE OLD ONES now and I'm stuck with this brand. ”2019For Pain:		“This is quick updated to 9/25 post.
This is my 3rd month after switching from
LUPIN to SUN Pharma Brand. The first month the SUN Pharma Brand gave me relief from pain just as WATSON Brand. No serious side effects such as sedation, anxiety, depression, extreme Exhaustion 24/7, increased pain level, LITTLE -NO relief From pain, etc...all these symptoms using LUPIN BRAND.
The second month using SUN Pharma I have pain relief like WATSON brand with NO side effects, except occasionally felt slight sedation.
3rd month the SUN Pharma brand has CHANGED. I am getting less pain relief and
Heavy sedation, feels like your coming down with flu and makes it very difficult to physically complete work because you're fighting the sedation feelings.
Thank you to all for your informative post.
Blessings to Pain Sufferers ❤️”2019For Pain:		“I have taken Watson brand hydrocodone and acetaminophen off and on for many years. Watson brand  works great but they are no longer making the drug. CVS is buying the worst generics available outside the country. Now they only have Aurobindo brand and it does not work at all!!  There are many articles online about constant quality problems with Aurobindo. Why doesn't the FDA do something?  Why does CVS buy drugs from Aurobindo, knowing there is constant quality control problems? EVERYONE MUST REPORT THESE BAD DRUGS OR THE FDA CAN'T DO ANYTHING!!!
WWW.FDA.GOV/MEDWATCH    CLICK ON RED BUTTON FOR REPORT A PROBLEM”2019For Pain:		“Chronic pain for years, have taken Hydrocodone with acetaminophen  10-325 with moderate result until a few years ago when the yellow Watson brand went away. Had a reaction to Walgreens generic, sick for a month, rash, headache, it did not work.
Then an independent pharmacy provided me KVK brand, had good result with the pain and no sickness but now that pharmacy has closed. Now in my area I can only find Tris, Lupin, Mallinckrodt brands. After researching those brands I can find no positive reviews.  Any advice, please post.
I hope to find Hydrocodone & acetaminophen that works and will not make me sick or a pharmacy that will provide the KVK brand. whats going on with these generics”2019For Pain:		“I have just tried Amneal generic brand of acetaminophen\ and hydrocodone and it is a brand that works well. It seems to last awhile too.  Hope this is helpful.”2019“I have  Cancer stage 4 matastized breast so have bad pain. Everything said on these reviews about the quality of the generic acetaminophen and hydrocodone is what I am going through. Watson worked the best. Mallinckrodt  is the very worst. Ever since I have been taking Lupin I have been so tired I can sleep all day and night. I didn't realize it was the pill I thought it was the cancer. I called every pharmacy in my area they all changed to Mallinckrodt . Every one of them. Out of desperation I called CVS and they mailed me Lupin. But they no longer will do that. So I called Rite Aid and they have the brand Amnell. Dr sent script there. Not sure how these will work. I have a legitimate disease how can the FDA not provide a quality product. How do you complain and who do you complain to (FDA). Everything everyone is saying is true.”2019For Pain:		“I just had hip replacement surgery a few days ago and they prescribed hydro/acetam  7.5/325. I was hoping for some real pain relief as it's a pretty invasive surgery. These were generic and came from "Aurobindo".Initially it provided a little relief but I mostly took it because it made me drowsy and helped to sleep. It never really helped with the pain and after a few days didn't even make me drowsy. I took 2 on a Sunday night and it was a nightmare. No reason to take it if it didn't help so I stopped cold turkey and that was a nightmare, after only 6 days. This was supposed to be a powerful pain reliever so I was just taking 1 every few hours but there was no noticeable relief. My hip has always hurt so I just grunted through the pain knowing it would improve. Jelly beans would have been as effective.”2019For Pain:		“The drug  acetaminophen with hydrocodone is not being properly compounded. They are complete junk! Mallinckrodt needs to be shut down! 
I've been on pain meds for more than a decade and had success til their brand  hit the market. I took one one day and felt so strange I called my daughter thinking I was dying. The next time I took it I didn't know I took it..
NO RELIEF WHAT SO EVER!!!  PLEASE Y'ALL.. CONTACT THE FDA !!! 
BRING BACK THE BRANDS THAT HELP - WATSON AND THE YELLOW ONE I DON'T RECALL WHO MADE THOSE. .. BUT THIS BRAND IS CRUD!!”2019For Pain:		“Unfortunately, I’ve been on various hydrocodone/apap (acetominophen) combinations since 2001 for chronic pain caused by a gunshot that caused irreparable damage.  For about the last 4 years I’ve been prescribed Norco 10/325. All was well until around the end of 2017. My regular pharmacy began carrying a different generic than the previous Watson brand I was receiving. Prior to this, I did have a few occasions where I did receive a different brand than Watson but never noticed any difference in quality (prior to 2014). Since Watson is long gone, I’ve tried probably 4 different generics & they are total garbage. They either had no effect, or too many negative side effects (heavy sedation, nausea, overall lousy feeling, etc). Luckily, my doctor and pharmacist are knowledgeable and do not believe in the “generics are the exact same” philosophy. My doctor recently put me on Nalocet (name brand, made in USA & held to higher standards) & my pain has been properly brought back under control.”2019For Pain:		“I tried Par brand  of acetaminophen with hydrocodone that I  found at an independent pharmacy. It takes 1-2 hours to kick in!  The same pharmacy also offers Amneal.   Does anyone have experience with this brand?”2019For Pain:		“I went to the ER for extreme pain during my first genital herpes outbreak, and was given some form of hydrocodone at the ER and a prescription. The hydrocodone given to me at the ER helped immensely with the pain but for only about 3 hours, however the prescription for Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen 5-325 did absolutely nothing for my pain, less than just normal ibuprofen. I had to just try my best to sleep through the pain but that was a long and hard night. I have never taken any opioid before in my life, and so this is not a tolerance issue. It just didn't work for me for some reason.”2019For Pain:		“I was provided Tris brand of  acetaminophen with hydrocodone at Walgreens for after surgery  pain and I have had no pain relief.  Pain level was a 9 out of 10 with the pill.  It only last 1.5 hours with minimal relief.  I ended up having to take something else with it to try to get a couple of hours sleep.  This medicine is not useful at all.  I have had Norco in the past for another surgery and it was very effective.”2019For Pain:		“Second day on brand Lupin 0.5 acetaminophen/hydrocodone.  It has no pain reliever in it.  Gave me a migraine.  Why pharmacy’s carry this for chronic pain and makes us sicker?  Cost maybe?”2019For Pain:		“Like many suffering from Chronic Pain, my pain level increased severely several months ago.
Medication that had in the past given me relief were not effective.  It felt like a continual severe arthritis flare that would not leave. The pain 
intensified for several months.  Due to arthritis progression and several other medical conditions that cause chronic pain, my Doctors felt my condition was just getting more severe.  Never in my life would one think it was the medication from LUPIN acetaminophen with hydrocodone that  was the problem. But it was. The side effects were horrific. The minute I stopped taking LUPIN acetaminophen/hydrocodone   and got  the Sun brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone I  started getting relief from Chronic Pain and  the horrific and dangerous side effects including the sleepiness left instantly!”2019For Pain:		“Please post the name of any generic manufacturer you have found that works.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Not worth it! Dizziness, lightheaded, nausea & fatigue.”2019For Pain:		“Chronic Pain escalated to the point it was unbearable. Chronic fatigue & constant malaise. 
Arthritis Specialist & Pain Mgt had no answers.
Manufacturer for the medication acetaminophen with hydrocodone that  I was taking was LUPIN,  previously I'd used Watson.
I had a few reserve Watson's & tried one.

THERE WAS A DRASTIC DIFFERENCE in the 
Watson and LUPIN!!!!
IMMEDIATELY the sleepiness  left, the Watson was effective and lasted
Long enough to complete chores with a pain level of 2 verses 8 I felt on LUPIN.   The next day I tried LUPIN,  once again I had serious side effects.  
Watson is no longer in business.  MY CVS Pharmacy Manager found a Manufacturer that manufactured pain medication that is effective without all the serious side effects of LUPIN.

Be sure to file concerns with all parties involved.
BEST TO ALL PAIN SUFFERS❤️”2019For Back Pain:		“I came here looking for an answer as to why my pain may have escalated.  I noticed a strikingly different effect to these new acetaminophen with hydrocodone tablets. I'm feeling nauseated all the time. I've heard that some opioid manufacturers are changing the excipient, so I figure that is what happened here. I plan to ask my pharmacist. I'm not withdrawing, but my pain is awful lately and I'm noticing a huge change. These don't seem very effective.”2019For Pain:		“I refilled my prescription a week ago for my regular acetaminophen with hydrocodone, and the pharmacy gave me these pills Mfg is Lupin imprint is n 358 and 10 on reverse side. This is the first time using this brand of  pills and they are awful!!! I constantly have a headache and nausea, so much so I actually vomited after taking one. I thought I had a stomach bug or something but I realized it started when I started my new bottle of hydros. and nothing as far as pain relief. Also I feel more tired and depressed. FDA needs to take these off the market.”2019For Back Pain:		“I made the mistake of filling my script at CVS (as opposed to Walgreens, they were out of it, not my regular Walgreens)& ended up with a LUPIN brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone .
Watson worked best, but they are well & truly gone. 
So, after having taken 1/2 of my 7.5mg (which is typical, I manage this way throughout day) I thought I was coming down with something, feeling nauseated, severe headache, hot/cold sweat, & didn’t associate this with using different brand. My blood pressure was going up & down. I haven’t had a severe adverse reaction from anything before, & have been taking since 2008. Anyone else???? Am I having withdrawals?”2019For Pain:		“PS to my previous comments, 2019-08-28, 2019-08-26.  It seems from reading the 2019 reviews here, that this started this year.  I agree.  You will see from my previous comments in this page that Mallinckrodt told my pharmacy that they had outsourced their hydrocodone. This may be the reason.  The other thing that happened was, I used to pay $20 for 30.  Last month they charged me $8!  I assume Mallinckrodt offered financial incentives!  Please, everyone complain to the FDA, to Mallinckrodt headquarters and your pharmacy if you are having issues with your acetaminophen/hydrocodone.  

Call round other pharmacies and ask what brand they use.  I did, and found a small, local pharmacy that had Par.  I will go there.  You can ask your doctor for a paper prescription so you can take it where you like.  That is what I do.”2019For Back Pain:		“Wow, I am in shock,  I searched for this a year ago and I couldn't find any reviews about bad medication (dud brands of acetaminophen with hydrocodone) and I felt alone. I do not feel alone anymore. I've taken pain medication for multiple health issues and injuries about 12 years. All of a sudden things changed, manufactures changed and the Norco whatever brand the pharmacy switched to and gave me didn't work and gave me horrible side effects. I specifically only liked taking Watson acetaminophen/hydrocodone because it was the only brand that helped with pain, lasted longer and barely any side effects and did not put me to sleep, then all of a sudden Walgreens changed to Tris brand. I laterally felt like I was dying or I was going to have a seizure.”2019For Pain:		“My pharmacy's supplier will not allow my pharmacy manager to order the brand I have always taken. I am outraged.  The brand I am forced to take does not work and seems to be making my mouth sore. (Mallinckrodt). It is the only medication change I have had in years. My mouth is so sore it hurts to eat. I've been to my PCP. Nothing wrong he can see. No dental problem either. I think it may be something in the filler aggravating  me. My lips go numb too like I've eaten a hot pepper. I think this is beyond  ridiculous.  I have no idea what to do now. I feel awful. What is in these tablets?”2019For Pain:		“I too have used the Watson brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone and thought it was just me. I am a ovarian cancer patient and the pain can be awful. Because of the cancer I had a partial foot amputation and 2 surgeries for infections and that is when I really noticed without a doubt that the meditation didn't work. They only took the edge of and didn't last 4 hours. If anyone had had their wound packed with gauges and wound care they know how painful it is. I was given 1 pill before and I still screamed when wound changed was done and I was never pain free. Even now I'm never pain free, it just makes the so I can tolerate the pain without screaming. I am told to stay on pain control schedule and still it just takes the edge off. I was  pain free in 3 years, and now it just takes the edge off.”2019For Back Pain:		“OMG. I knew it wasn't just me. Prior RX of 10/325 was fine. Refill on 8/23. Started taking 3-4 days later. (I was ahead last month)
Nothing. I've been in severe pain for 5 days.
No normal side effects, sleepiness, hot flush feeling ( I did a test today. Took 2 then 30min later took 1 via gums) I don't abuse medication and I was a former MA EMT. 
So 30mg of this and ZERO effect or side effects.
I called Walgreens. They don't care.
Called FDA, they don't keep track on these issues. 
Called drug manufacturer. Like they're gonna do anything if they're selling fake pills.
Dr. won't write new RX and take pills back.
WTH am I supposed to do now?
Check out facebook for groups that support pain groups
”2019For Pain:		“I’ve been on generic norco  acetaminophen/hydrocodone  10/325 Watson for many years same dose and amount a day. Anyone gone to a compound pharmacy to recreate the meds that work? Since Teva bought Actavis and discontinued this med I’ve been on Mallinckrodt and Ameal. Mallinckrodt is awful but Ameal (sp?) didn’t work as well as Watson but side effects were far less than Mallinckrodt. Now I’m having nausea, pain, sleeping and normally I didn’t have any side effects from Watson. How, since these meds are supposedly dangerous, are the government driving out safe American made meds overseas meds that are subpar and no quality? We have to suffer and can’t ask for the right quality safe meds.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Vicoprofen works the best.”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I totally agree w so many of the comments above. I got my pain meds from Walgreens (mallinckrodt brand) for a few years  unfortunately my doc sent it to CVS by mistake and wouldn’t change it.   I got the stubby oval ones (tryst)  and had no pain relief. So when my next script was due I called the CVS store manager and he was very nice and specially ordered the Mallinckrodt brand for me no problem whatsoever. BUT I am having the same issues  now with this brand now too. There seems to be something fishy going on. Please tell me what particular and has worked best for you. I am starting to get really tired of this.”2019For Pain:		“I have emailed Rite Aid where I fill my prescriptions for acetaminophen/hydrocodone for my osteoarthritis pain, letting them know about Mallinkrodt, which they recently switched to . I asked them if they have analysed these tablets.  I told them of all the online complaints.  I suggest we all complain to the customer service departments of our pharmacy headquarters.

I have just heard back from Rite Aid. They have looked into this and said that they contacted Mallinckrodt  who said that they recently outsourced this to another manufacturer! They have lodged a complaint which has to be looked into.  They said the FDA will get involved.  I urge everyone to COMPLAIN to your pharmacy head office and the FDA.”2019For Back Pain:		“I don’t know exactly what’s being put into the acetaminophen and hydrocodone pills these days but I can clearly see that I’m not the only one that knows something is just not right!! But please people listen to me when I tell you this, asking different pharmacies what the manufacturer of the pills they carry and asking if they have a different manufacturer of the medication can only get you barred from that location. Take it from me because I have 1 option in pharmacies these days that will fill my prescription. It’s crazy to me that you’re looked at as an addict if you want a specific generic what works for you. I mean when did wanting to be pain free make you a druggy (or junkie as I was referred to as) but I feel like asking too many questions puts you on the "do not fill" list so tread carefully people or you may not be able to get anything. Much love and I wish you all luck in a search for a life with no pain”2019For Pain:		“Same experience as others here. Pharmacy changed supplier of generic acetaminophen/hydrocodone to  Mallinkrodt brand which is like a sugar pill!  Has anyone has their pill tested for content?  I can’t believe it has any pain medication in it.  I found other pharmacies that have different brands and will try them.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I use to get name brand things were fine.  My back pain started getting worse then  I got the generics.  First it was good.  Some were good some not.  In the Aurobindo brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone after about 2 weeks I started to vomit and was sick for a week.  Of course pharmacy didn't listen.  Then one more time and same thing happened.  No more of that.  Then Mallinckrodt.  It's just rubbish.  Now Im having spasms in buttocks.  I don't think there is any opiate in them and I am withdrawing.  You can't trust big pharma.  That's the way they do things.  I am angry because they are stealing from us.  How dare they decide for us that we should not have opiates.”2019For Pain:		“So as everyone above! It is sooo sad that we have to suffer because our voice doesn't count!! I am in extreme pain and it just seems like nobody cares? Watson was a great relief for me But now, Nothing just gives me headaches upset stomach and sleepiness? When I wake up pain still there. Not sure what to do as I am truly sick doctors know it! But they have no say in what pharmacies carry! I am upset with Walgreens as I have been with them for 12 years .”2019For Back Pain:		“I noticed my pills were a different shape than normal but assumed they will be the same. NOT!!!
Aurobindo brand of acetaminophen and hydrocodone DO NOT WORK!!
I had been happy with SUN pharmaceuticals brand for about 3 years.  I don't know why CVS started giving me Aurobindo brand but I will not be accepting them again.
They are absolutely useless.
I feel so taken advantage of, and am getting no pain relief for my back issues, fibromyalgia, Ankylosing Spondylitis, etc 
How can this happen??
I am so angry ”2019For Pain:		“I have been taking Norco 10/325 1-2 tabs (Generic) for about a year.   I have had great results in controlling my pain.  Being an RN, I already knew that this medication has the side effect of causing drowsiness.   I usually take it at bedtime to control pain so I can sleep.   This is not categorized as a sleeping agent, however, any drug like this that has narcotic in it can make one drowsy.”2019For Back Pain:		“Generic brands of acetaminophen with hydrocodone. Watson, when they were Watson, was the best. Today like many say more filler then then opiate. They are garbage. Trist brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone is the worst. I feel no relief. Someone said after urinalysis showed no opiate in system but instead Tramadol. They never took Tramadol. I have taken 30mg when I was to take 10 and felt nothing. FDA will do nothing and Walgreens don’t care. Cheapest bid pill wins. We can do nothing”2019For Pain:		“Like others mentioned all 10/325s are not the same. Mallinckrodt M367 help somewhat with pain but just one tab keeps me so groggy I don't feel like getting up and doing anything. Almost like it has a sleeping ingredient in it. Unfortunately that's all my big chain Pharmacy carries. Seems like all of them carry this garbage. I can't recall the brand but yellow oblong ones Z on one side some numbers on other side worked great. Little side effects. Pharmacy those came from switched to another but it's not Malllincrap so maybe it will be better.”2019For Back Pain:		“Before I was severely injured on the job in 2012, I would hardly take even an ibuprofen. Now my pain meds do include Marco 10/325. I get the yellow ones made by Par Pharmaceuticals.   (Endo Co.)HEB carries these. I have had others tell me the yellow ones are better and I thought they were crazy. Until HEB ran out of the yellow narcos and had sum white hydrocodones.  I hurt so bad after taking them that I couldn't function the way I need to.  HEB had the yellow ones the next time. I asked the pharmacy tech about this and she told me that several of their patients complain of more pain when they run out of the yellow narcos, so HEB decided their patients comfort is more important than saving a few dollars. Now every time I fill my script, if their out of the yellows they make sure to tell me n ask if its ok.  Thank u HEB for being so patient centered.  I think because of the addiction outbreak, if u complain about the medicine, its in your head or your an addict.”2019For Back Pain:		“Hey guys having the same problem with lupin brand not working. I called the pharmacy manager and told him I was getting headaches with this brand and he was very nice and is ordering the brand that works for me. Give it a try. It may help you too”2019For Pain:		“So nice to see these complaints. I have been getting my meds at Walgreens. They are using tryst since last summer. It’s obvious there was a huge change because they did nothing. As for calling other pharmacy’s. How can that be pharmacy’s shopping. It’s my money I have the right to purchase what I want. I called public about a epic drug. Supposed to be better and they said they give that to their regular customers. They are putting something in these drugs like a sleeping agent . My stomach is bleeding. It hurts like hell . I never had a problem till they switch and  I knew immediately. I was only taking have at a time. Trying to be conservative. I am filing a FDA complaint.”2019For Back Pain:		“Like others, I have been using hydrocodone/apap (acetaminophen) 10/325 and find it helpful in reducing the severity of my back pain. I have used Watson brand for a few years, but recently it has become unavailable. I have checked at every pharmacy in my area and all of them now only carry the Mallinckrodt brand. Mallinckrodt does not work in controlling pain. I have been a regular customer at Walgreen’s for several years and I have gotten to know the pharmacy people. I discussed the situation with them and they found that they could order the “PAR” brand. My particular Walgreens store now carries both Mallinckrodt and PAR. Each time I go in for a refill I request the PAR brand and all is fine. The PAR brand may not work quite as well as Watson, but it is close.”2019For Pain:		“It seems this is a place to speak out against what is not working. I applaud. However, is there anyone having success with their pain meds? 
Any success with manufacturer and dosage. Not every thing is going to work for everyone. I understand that. But I would like to hear from some folks that are finding some relief. And thanks to those who have spoke out for what isn't working. It gives a heads up for the rest of us. But please, somebody, share what is working.”2019For Pain:		“I have been taking various opioids for over 10 different painful health issues which I will not go into here, because I would be here all day. A few however are Ankylosing Spondolitis, and Scoliosis. I have been taking pain meds for over 10 years now. I was prescribed 2 different pain meds, but have been reduced to only one now. I chose the lower back pain all the time. Feeling like I have the flu all the time tried not only my physical pain, but also my emotional when feeling this way. They carried the 10 mg pills from a certain manufacturer that were rectangular shaped. COMPLAIN TO THE FDA..they KNOW WE ARE ON TO THEM!! FILE COMPLAINTS, START PETITIONS!!! NONE of the people who control opioid pain meds actually have ANY TYPE OF SEVERE pain! They are INSULTING OUR INTELLIGENCE!!! ”2019For Pain:		“acetaminophen with hydrocodone 5/325 dose of LUPIN, TRIS, Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals and Qualitest do not work for me or anyone I know.
 Acetaminophen with hydrocodone Brands that did work: Actavis, Watson, Norco and Vicodin. 
Pharmacy won't stock those; insurance wont pay for them. 
A few months ago had no current pain drugs with me, away from home. Searched thru purse and found 1 old pain pill. I took it at my usual time...I could not believe it - it actually worked. Looked it up; just as I thought. Old pill has drug in it...new ones I feel sure do not. I have been experimenting with various brands, talking to corporate & compound pharmacists, techs, the FDA, former employees of the FDA, patients, my PC doctor, my Pain Center Nursing Practitioner...they all know this! So for the past year, I was not getting any opioids in my pills anyway! Fine...I QUIT.”2019For Back Pain:		“I don't know whats going on with CVS but lately every time I get my script of acetaminophen with hydrocodone filled they change my meds  brands and for the last couple of months every brand  that I have been given has been garbage.  The u03  (Aurolife Pharma LLC) have absolutely no pain relief and the M367  (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals) only work for a very short time followed by a severe headache.  I spoke with my pain management doctor who seems to not care very much, and refuses to allow me to seek a new pharmacy. He said that is illegal and considered pharmacy shopping. But what am I suppose to do about the intense pain that I'm dealing with? My whole life is upside down do to the pain levels I'm in and seems like I have zero options for help”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been using hydrocodone/apap 10/300 and find it helpful in reducing the severity of my pain. However I do notice a variable response with different generics. The Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand was BAD. I found that the tablets were poorly manufactured, resulting in hard tablets that did NOT dissolve easily. Whether due to the excipients used or amount of compression.”2019For Pain:		“I'm a pharmacist with migraines and have been taking Watson brand Norco 10/325mg for 10 years. Usually, a 1/2 tab is plenty or 1 tab, if needed. 60 tabs lasts me a year. Just got 30 tabs made by Lupin. An hour after taking 1, I felt like I hadn't taken anything, so I took another. I have never had to take 2! Still no relief. No difference between the different brands? As a pharmacist, who is definitely not addicted or dependent since I rarely take it, I'm telling you this isn't true. I'd like to test the 2 brands' ingredients and the quantities of each. If they have the same amount of active ingredients, the issue could then be the inactive ones. The Lupin brand works for some, but is it because that was the 1st brand they had taken or is it because some people's bodies process inactive ingredients differently? The Lupin brand doesn't work for me and others and it isn't fair that we must suffer because this is the only brand the pharmacy will dispense.”2019For Cough:		“I have had, as others have said, a cough which prevented me from sleeping at night and was a huge problem during the workday.

I initially took hydrocodone for pain but noticed that, although it did not work for pain, somehow my cough stopped!  I now take a half pill every four hours and get through my day comfortably.   Have had numerous tests to determine reason for the cough - no answers - but at least I found something that works.  Up to that point I had tried every cough medicine under the sun and none worked.”2019For Cough:		“Works great as a cough suppressant. I started with the recommended 5 ml (1 tsp) and that was way too much for me. I woke up multiple times that night with difficulties swallowing/breathing. Next night I took a half dose – which was perfect! My recommendation: start with a lower dose and take a bit more if you have to. (But not more than the max. recommended dose.)”2019For Back Pain:		“M367-is junk... I called FDA and I need to fill out a formal complaint... I’m trying to get the yellow Par Pharm or Watson brands.  They are messing with our meds and we need to stand up and fight. I’m miserable on these. Please everyone who is getting this knock off m367 Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand to report to FDA.. I’m suffering with fibromyalgia and multiple back issues and arthritis. If FDA employees had pain we wouldn’t be having this issue.”2019For Back Pain:		“WATSON MFG  IS NOW ACTIVIS.!!!!!! IF YOU RECEIVE CAMBER MFG    GO TO ANOTHER PHARMACY!!  YOU ARE GOING TO BE SICK. I CAN’T FIND  ACTIVIS BRAND. So I don’t know if there ad good as Watson was but something needs to be done this is our hard earned money and they’re filling these pain medications with fillers.”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Ok so I have been on pain medication for 31 years, and I'm 38. I was first prescribed hydrocodone/acetominophin 7.5/500 at the age of 7 for RA. Well, those pills worked just fine, as an adult in my late twenties, I got by on two a day. When the pills changed to Norco, I was extremely unhappy. Today, I'm even worse. I'm a long term user. I can't help the length of time I have been on the medication. What happened to real 7.5 specks? They worked better than any 10mg Norco. I am now prescribed three a day as opposed to six. I am completely unhappy. In the past year, the tens by malinkroft have completely changed. The 5mg and 7.5mg strengths seem not to work. I can take two tens they simply no longer work. I have other health issues, a recent cancer diagnosis. Familial popylopus to be exact. My pain is ungodly.  I want answers, that no one can provide. I can take this medication and feel withdrawals. That is the real epidemic. Lord help us all.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been taking generic Vicodin for my back pain for 15 years. 
Once the Government shut down Watson everything is inferior.

The only ones that compare to Watson is PAR and RHODES. 
I was taking TRIS and it was okay but the last 2 times I took them they were rubbish  also.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I don’t know was going on but the last bottle I got didn’t work it was a new manufacture  Mallinckrodt so many of these  manufactures don’t work I  Threw them away”2019For Pain:		“I have 2 degrees in nursing and have been taking the yellow norco for well over 15 years.  Sometimes I only take 1/2 pill and obtain relief.  CVS has changed the manufacturer to lupin.  Probably cheaper stockholders will be happy but I am not. Minimal pain relief I picked them up on the 22nd and am so angry. If I knew where I could get these generics analyzed I would do it. Now that I get NO pain relief and I have part d ins through CVS I will be dumping them during open enrolment and hopefully find one that is honorable. osteoarthritis SHAME on cvs !!”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been using "Watson" generic name for Hydrocodone / Acetaminophen 10/325, also formally 10/500 Watson / a blue pill as opposed to white variety. Now my local pharmacy uses Mallinckrodt, which does not help my back at prescribed dosage, can anyone HELP?”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I think I can help the government understand how patients feel about Norco Watson brand and the "others". Its like getting a pack of smokes and the store is out so  they hand you some snuff and say" its the same thing." Or a doctor doing surgery and he asked for the knife and they hand him a steak knife and say "its the same thing" Or you go to buy a diamond and they pull out a selection from "Clairs" and say " its the same thing." Do you get it now?”2019For Back Pain:		“I been using acetaminophenwith hydrocodone for couple of years. It worked very well until 2019. I think the pharmaceutical companys did something to the pills. I think some ingredients that use to be in the pill are missing. I need my pain meds!”2019For Back Pain:		“Me Arthritis, torn L3, neck nerve damage, sciatica, bullet in leg lodged between the nerve/bone. Recently had spinal fusion surgery, titanium rods inserted in spine. Taking percocet 10/325 and Norco 10/325 for break-thru pain. the MANUFACTURER DOES MATTER. I made it CLEAR to pharmacist will only take Endocet MANUFACTURER with the percocet and EYWA MANUFACTURER  for the norco. Wont leave pharmacy until I check. Comments about manufacturer's, you are NOT crazy or imagining things. These foreign discounted suppliers are causing problems hard working, tax paying TRUE PAIN SUFFERERS like us with their knock off brands. We ALL need to write the FDA and get a petition going. Not to mention the addicts that want to shoot and snort these pills then again WE SUFFER! I have a great dr & pharmacist thank God that knows MY PAIN IS REAL an my medication lasts me from one appt to the next, random urine tests proves it. To my family of pain suffers, may we ALL have long lasting relief very soon!
MRS. JONES”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Norco the generic brand for  18 years due to back issues, but my doctor retired and a new doctor tells me that I have an addiction and that I need to stop taking it, so I asked him if he even read my file. I refuse to be in pain and was wondering if I any legal rights, I am 61 years old, worked hard in my younger age, got hurt on my job and now they tell me that I have an addiction ,I take 3 to 4 a day and I don't want to wither away due to pain the rest of my life.”2019For Pain:		“I'm part of the acetaminophen with hydrocodone generic saga. I have had the same bad experience with Lupin brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone . I've been a long-time, non-addict user of Hydrocodone for my Ehlers Danlos pain. Recently, I got my first bottle of Lupin's acetaminophen/hydrocodone  from CVS and went into withdrawal +increased pain + my Mast Cell Disorder spiked. Two weeks later I was back to my normal manufacture and went back to my normal. Today I got Lupin meds again and I'm tanking. 

This manufacturer is not providing the correct dosage and should be removed from the market.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was injured years ago badly. When I fell it worsened & had surgery. My pain is severe & classified intractable. PT helps but my back pain persists. I tried Percocet, morphine & Hysingla but nothing touched the pain. It was as if I hadn’t taken anything!  I was taking too many Advil a day which helped but Dr said that’s very dangerous. I gave up & she suggested 1 last med Norco. 
I was skeptical & given in to the pain but took just one pill & after 1 hour, I had no pain for hours! I’ve had excruciating pain for so long, it honestly feels strange not to have it a few hours a day now. 
Another plus is NO SIDE EFFECTS like others (dizziness, out of it feeling (I guess euphoria which I hate), no constipation) and it just works! Husband sees a difference in my outlook and how I’m walking better. There’s need for 2nd pill midday when the morning 1 wears off then some pain at night. But I’m ok with pain at night because I’m just resting. 

I’m finally getting my life back. I really just can’t believe it!!!!”2019For Back Pain:		“Ive been on norco for about 6 years. It works great. I used to be on Percocet for 4 months. It worked but I had major side effects like anger outbursts. It wasn't good. So they switched me back to norco 5/325. Much better helps with my pain. I'm only 25 years old and 
I have a bulge disc, arthritis and scoliosis in my lower/ mid back and ribs on the left side. This medication has helped so much. Nothing else has worked. All the people misusing it has really sucked because doctors are so scared nowadays in afraid to loose their license. However I'm very happy with this medication.”2019For Pain:		“I’m want to share my experience with these pain medications from Lupin. About five months ago I believe I got a bad batch of this medication. I asked my pharmacist CVS why I wasn’t getting any relief from my medications. I was treated like I was imagining it? Spoke with my pain management Dr. he said he didn’t know why this was happening. So I got more injections!? They just don’t work for me. The next month I picked up my script and it was lupin again. I was so upset. I took my first dose and I had pain relief. So I thought will maybe I injured myself or it was just me? Well I’m two days in on the script and here we go again! No relief at all. I have headaches and muscles aches. I don’t get it!  I’m wondering if I’m just getting bad batches with little or no medication in them. I have been on the same doses for years. So I know my dose works for me.”2019For Back Pain:		“Every single person needs to file a complaint to the FDA on Mallinckrodt Pharm. acetaminophen w hydrocodone  generic. Your voice needs to be heard. Only writing comments here will not help. Mallinckrodt is putting something in the pills that shouldn’t be there (or putting no actives in them). And it’s wrong and should be illegal. But they will never stop if we do not do something about it. Please write a complaint to the FDA. Also, ask around for Par pharm manufacturer.”2019For Back Pain:		“I got the generic acetaminophen with hydrocodone with the imprint  m367 (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals). These have maybe equivalent of 1mg hydrocodone, if even that. Been taking other generic and name brands for years 10/325's to 10/600's etc.  Immediately began suffering withdrawal once I went on to the Mallinckrodt brand. First thought was the pharmacy had obtained some fake 'pressed' pills. But in reading others comments what is happening is so obvious, the company/resident chemist, is not mixing in hydrocodone into these particular generic brand norco pills. 

Do not waste your money as they are as good as a sugar pill. The company should be sued and put out of business immediately. This is a flat out conspiracy.  FDA needs to investigate, make sure if this happens to you please send in a complaint.”2019For Pain:		“The prescription for Hydrocodone 10/325 I got this month from my usual pharmacist was manufactured by Aurobindo, an India company. Recently I saw a documentary on ineffective pharmaceuticals that come from foreign countries and it concerns me considering how expensive they are. I use CVS for my monthly prescriptions. Norco is getting hard to get for chronic pain patients like myself because the DEA is watching it carefully to make sure it isn't causing addiction. It is pretty much all I get any more after two decades of chronic pain.  I am going to complain to my pharmacist that this Aurobindo drug is ineffective and very expensive. I am prescribed 3 a day and if I take 3 a day I am still in pain and end up taking more with little relief. I am not a drug addict. I have serious bone issues that require more than Ibuprofen and Gabapentin. I am very concerned about the generic drugs we are given through legal processes.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have spondylolisthesis, stenosis, scoliosis, arthritis, a fracture, and also a cracked tailbone. I am approaching 60 yrs old and I've worked all my life until I became disabled and could no longer due to my serious back conditions. I had to work with severe pain because I refused to take pain meds. before I was classified as disabled. Due to this so called "opioid epidemic" my doctor only prescribes generice Norco 10/325 mg (acetaminophen a d hydrocodone) and only 3 per day. All I ever get is this Mallinkrodt brand and for a year solid I swear it had NO pain medicine  in it, IF it had any it was no more than 2 mgs. OK then suddenly about 5 months ago they started to feel full strength again and worked great for my pain, not taking it all away at all but I felt better. I just got my new months prescription and it's BACK the the placebo ones again, the pure JUNK, it does NOTHING for my pain, you definitely KNOW when it's garbage because it doesn't touch my pain and it just feels like it's all tylenol or filler.”2019Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This Lortab doesn't have any affects at all, it doesn't do anything”2019Lorcet HD (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“10mg Lorcet imprint 126,  Mayne Pharma brand. This is  NO GOOD!  Not even a souped up aspirin as my pharmacist stated so eloquently.”2019For Back Pain:		“I'm so sick of all the "Money Takers" "Healthcare Fakers" I am a 48 year old Black female who has been diagnosed with Disc Degenerative Decease, No Cartilage in between lower back spine, and Osteoarthritis. My Bone Dr. told me, I have the back of a 75 year old man, and he doesn't understand how I'm even walking. I have never done drugs, nor have I even taken pain meds for 6 months straight, since being diagnosed in 2017. Generics  of acetaminophen with hydrocodone are not the same in no way shape or form. I'm so sick of being treated like an addict or soon to be addict, I'm not ignorant, and the FDA needs to find a better way of handling it's American People and their Rights... If I want to spend $100 on a brand medication, Insurance or NOT!!! I should be able to, as long as I have a legitimate prescription. AUROBINDO PHARM hydrocodone is nothing more  effective than maybe, a 500 mg of Ibuprofen.”2019For Pain:		“Lupin pharma acetaminophen with hydrocodone 5mg/325mg tablets with imprint n325  does not work. Got from CVS.  I have a lot going on with my back. Spinal stenosis, severe nerve damage, scoliosis etc. so I have severe pain. Tylenol. Ibuprofen aleve tried all. Just helps very little. I even took several of the hydrocodone started with one. Didn't work after waiting an hour no relief. So took another. Nothing. So took another. Nothing. Again. Don't know what to do. Been to 6 orthopedic surgeons. They said surgery would be too dangerous cause of all the nerve damage. One said a 6 inch rod might help. But might not either help. This is so depressing. And the pain is horrible. Can't do anything activities ect. Don't know what to do.”2019For Back Pain:		“Have had chronic pain since the 90's  and for years I took Watson brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone and was and still would be fine with it if I could find it. Also took Mallinckrodt brand and it was fine up until recently  sometime in the last 4-6 months. They have changed the formula, the pill is smaller and it seems to have a sleeping agent instead of pain reliever. Never have these pills made me tired before in fact just the opposite by controlling pain I could go about my busy day with confidence and ease, now this company has ruined a perfectly good chronic pain reliever and I spend more time in tears due to pain. If anyone can suggest how I can find Watson I would be so thankful.”2019For Pain:		“The generic Norco that I have been taking is terrible. I have been taking Norco for a few years now, and this is not like  Norco. It makes me dizzy, and spaced out. I have never had this experience with any other generic. A half is just too much! What the hell is in this. If it’s hydrocodone, you missed the mark by a mile.”2019For Back Pain:		“Mallinckrodt brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone  (generic norco) does not work.   All major Pharmacy’s are switching over to this brand. I have been taking this medication for the past several years and never had a problem until recently . I shared with my pharmacist the reactions to this manufacturer, and she noted it in my chart. Here I am a few months later picking up my RX. I couldn’t remember the Mallinckrodt brand name that caused the issues prior nor did I think I needed to tell the pharmacy ever single time  seeing as  they had I could not take and my reaction in my notes. After the first dose, again... sick as a dog. I called CVS to ask them the manufacturer I was unable to take, and sure enough, it was the one they gave me,  MALLINKRODT!! They apologized and said they have no control over what they get and there’s nothing they could do for me. This is just flat out wrong and what am I suppose to do now? I don’t see how they are able to get away with this. I am reporting them to the FDA, in which I have a feeling is a part of this as well!”2019For Pain:		“I recently started having severe ankle pain (maybe RA, still trying to diagnose) and finally had to resort to asking my awesome doctor for a prescription pain medicine, which I try not to do because of all the hype  But pain is pain and it’s real and we need relief.  I have taken Norco in the past occasionally for different issues throughout the years but it’s been a couple years since I needed anything.  I usually go to pharmacy  for everything, they gave me some LUPIN Pharm acetaminophen with hydrocodone,  and WOW, they were awful- they don't work !  Didn’t even take any pain away, make my stomach hurt (and I ate an hour before), I had to call my doctor because  the pharmacy couldn’t take em back and I was screwed out of my pain medicine because these prescriptions aren’t easy to come by.  Thank god I have a good doctor and he worked with me and called Norco in to a different pharmacy that we made sure used a different manufacturer, it was night and day the norco acetaminophen/hydrocodone works !  Within 30 minutes my pain improved tremendously!  LUPIN is rubbish!”2019For Back Pain:		“Refilled my monthly pain meds & since then have had a pain increase as they have switched to Mallinckrodt  brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone, So much so it’s causing me to not be able to sleep through the night. Have found the best brands of acetaminophen with hydrocodone Qualitest, Watson & Par (not sure on Par spelling) to work the best for me personally. Have been on the same dosage for 11 years+. If it’s the exact same drug & same amount of medication why are my pain symptoms so much higher, along with other as I I’m seeing, if everything’s the same? And who’s checking these medicines , does FDA do spot quality tests to see if the active ingredients are the right strength?”2019For Back Pain:		“I've been on Watson  acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10/325 for the last 8 years and it has been the best medication that has worked, then out of the blue this Mallinckrodt  acetaminophen/hydrocodone brand came along,  along with the medication not working nearly as well and having a upset stomach  and Walgreens does not do damn thing about it. I'm stuck taking something that does not work and corporate America does not care about the little people, they just care about making more money.”2019For Back Pain:		“Have degenerative disc disease (arthritis of spine), chronic pain, cervical nerve damage , on hydrocodone/acetaminophen (Vicodin or Watson) for pain 30 years.  When given new generic, had assumed just a very bad pain day,  until I screamed, forced to leave cart in a store,  shocked, embarrassed, and no food.  Generic was Mallinckrodt.  Life took a serious, horrible downturn.  Weeks later found an old Vicodin ( should have lost potency ) but totally shocked at the relief it gave me.   Tried, but lacked funds to have pill independently tested.  

Finally got back Watson hydrocodone/acetaminophen, until they too became unavailable.  Now same nightmare with Aurobindo hydrocodone/acetaminophen.  Tried increase to no avail.  Thank you for comments, so sorry for everyone's pain.  

Something must be done.  I will contact FDA, but sadly little hope, unless we stay persistent, demanding random testing, results published, along with exactly what fillers used ( to track side effects ).  Otherwise this will continue destroying lives.  Do these generic hydrocodone with acetaminophen have any active ingredients in them?”2019For Back Pain:		“Acetaminophen with hydrocodone  generic quality issues. I had thought having to switch back and forth (thru CVS filling prescription) of qualitest generic which is good and the mallinckrodt generic which  I  had thought was the worst.  Now I am in pain and no way to shop around I have had to accept this. Now I have gotten to experience Aurobindo brand of Acetaminophen with hydrocodone, what a joke and now 3 weeks in a depression has settled in. What in the world do they put in this stuff.  At 72 I still work but if this is the brand I will be getting then I have to admit I may have to quit work.  There is a burning pain in the tissues that settles in by the end of the night and the depression is getting more overwhelming it seems. I just can't see why us long term pain patients have to suffer.  I don't care what problem they are having with abusers, it doesn't delete me nor my pain.”2019For Pain:		“My pain issues are Severe Congenital Spinal Stenosis of Cervical,and lumbar,Degenerative Disc Disease,Scoliosis, & peripheral neuropathy. The stenosis causing my spine to flatten. I'm new to writing reviews, so please bear with me. My pain management Dr prescribed Norco 10/325. I've always received the brand  Lupin Pharmaceuticals which relieve my pain tremendously. Until recently I was given Amneal Pharm, and today Mallinckrodt Pharm both from my CVS Pharmacy. These 2 Companies are distributing trash! If I were to submit Lupin Pharmaceuticals Norco, Amneal, & Mallinckrodt to a chemist he/she would respond with the same results. Those  Companies Amneal, & Mallinckrodt  are using some type of fillers that has caused their pain medication to be worse than a baby aspirin! It shouldn't matter what company manufactures Norco. They should all be the same, however that's not the case! They'll end up causing people to take more than prescribed, because there's no pain relief! Quit screwing with pain medication! How do these people sleep at night knowing their product is JUNK! THANK YOU LUPIN PHARMECEUTICALS FOR NOT BEING PART OF THE MONOPOLY THE GOVERNMENT HAS CREATED FOR PATIENTS WITH CHRONIC PAIN!”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Both Norco and it’s Generic Actavis  version 5-300 mg (White Scored Tablets)  caused such a reaction that I turned in both prescriptions in to local Police Department Med Drop. CVS noted I could not take Norco, yet one month later they filled a prescription with the Generic form by Actavis, once again I was violently ill. For me Mallinckrodt White Oval Scored Tablet 5-300 mg is a marvel. No side effects whatsoever, just absolute pain relief in 30-45 minutes. Effective up to 5 hours, even 1/2 tablet is effective within an hour lasts perhaps 4-4:30 hours. CVS now only carries LUPIN Pharmaceuticals for Generic Hydrocodone/Acetaminophen 5-300 mg. Agh ! Massive headache, waves of nausea and dizzying lightheaded~No Pain Relief .”2019For Pain:		“When Brand Vicodin or Lortab became unavailable to my pharmacy, I was switched (by CVS) to Generic  brand Mallinckrodt 5-300 mg white oval scored tablet from . For me this worked. No side effects what so ever, just pain relief within 30-40 minutes lasting upwards 5-6 hours. Even when taking 1/2 tablet relief was always welcome. Now CVS has decided that LUPIN Pharmaceuticals will be their supplier for this medication. As of Tuesday, my new pills same dosage, same frequency but oh what a nightmare~ 20-35 minutes in massive headache starts at base of skull moving upwards to crown of head, dizziness accompanied by waves of nausea. As for pain relief, none nothing. Norco and it’s Generic by Actavis is another form of this medication that I had a terrible reaction to, hence off to the “Med Drop” with those as well.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have severe back issues, DDD (Degenerative Disc Disease), Arthritis and was in a car accident. I have taken Norco, 10/325  with Watson on it for over 10 years. I took 2  a day and was great, I could work all day, sleep great, I was able to be very productive in my life and career. This Brand is horrible, does not touch the pain, makes me itch, nauseated and bloating, I'm less functional and really irritated.  I have pain the majority of everyday. Here where I live almost everywhere has this brand. I wish they had the Activist white watson. I found an old one and "WOW" I could function and that proved it is in fact the other Brand is like a placebo...I'd like to report this I will research how.”2019For Back Pain:		“My doctor prescribed acetaminophen/hydrocodone n 351 (Novel Laboratories, Inc.) .does not work.!”2019For Pain:		“Are all of you that are complaining about mallinckrodt  have you already filed complaints with the FDA???? I sure hope so because thats they only way they will be stopped.  So sure  complaining here  BUT PLEASE FILE COMPLAINTS TO THE FDA! Also do complaints onnTRIS they changed their formula and it no longer works this is sickening!I am gonna be homeless as I had to quit my job due to no pain relief! I know they changed it because I had saved a few pills from prior month and when I took even HALF I felt night n day difference. Yet I called tris and they lie and say nothing changed. They are doing something probably illegal and it also makes my heart race. They are playing with peoples health and lives and its sickening”2019“Hydrocodone is a pain medication that need to be prescribed more of than not. It can be addicting but anything that relieves of pain is addicting. A mile run everyday can get addicting, drinking, working, anything. Hydrocodone not only relieves you of the physical pain it can also relieve the patient of mental distress. It has helped me tremendously and without this medication I don't think I could have gone through the tough times with my disease.  The mental pain control is good with this medication. The FDA instead of trying to tamper with dosages instead should have board of doctors that actually had life threatening diseases take this medication and research on this appropriately. As with all things if you actually walk the walk, things get into a different perspective. I believe the ones that are making decisions on pain killers are ones that have gone through consistent pain - not just book smart people.”2019For Back Pain:		“No longer getting pain relief. I'm 70 years old no problems controlling my pain UNTIL recent drug company changes. My Pain level is much higher with the same dosage. Have 2 degenerative discs in upper & lower back, fractured vertebrae mid-back inoperable due to Osteoporosis. I was taking 10-325 twice daily for 6 years that worked well with periodic spinal injections I was functional with minimal discomfort. Now my pain level is thru the roof on the same dosage. PCP had to add Nexium & Probiotic because I'm having stomach problems with this new formula  Expected to be made comfortable in my dotage & was managing that VERY WELL ..Now I'm in excruciating pain again & have additional problems to boot. Seniors need the government to step in IMHO”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had Fibromyalgia and RA as well as depression anxiety, low vit D levels, migraines, and chronic fatigue syndrome. My doctor asked if I wanted 10/325 Norco or 5 mg Percocet. The Norco worked better and was less sedating and itchy. I know from the dentist I need 10-20mg Percocet. Norco keeps me awake, functioning ( out of bed, I’m disabled ) but let’s me get up and move around also less addictive. I also take Cymbalta, Topimax, xanax, lunesta, adderall, Norco, Soma, etc.”2019For Pain:		“I have  Fibromyalgia flare-up pain and migraines. Since I keep seeing reviews suggesting that there must be a significant difference between the generic versions of the same medications, I felt like I might be able to add a bit of insight from not only personal experience but a pretty decent knowledge of pharmaceuticals.  There should not be any difference whatsoever between the same dosage of meds from one generic version to another, and I truly do not believe that there is any difference.  In general, hydrocodone is pretty effective for me, unless we're talking about kidney stones or something equally intense.  Taking it on an empty stomach will definitely increase the strength, but may cause stomach upset for some people.”2019For Pain:		“I have tried a lot of brands of different pain meds for my migraines. Both hydrocodone and oxycodone. There are so many fake medications going around. Not just opiates, heart medication, diabetic meds, blood clot meds...etc. etc. Currently I am getting the A 40 10/325 made by KVK. They are a hit and miss. Some pills will work and others won't..and they are the same pills in the same prescription bottle received from the pharmacy! They even dissolve differently. Some wont melt if you have to hold them in your mouth a second to get a drink...others will melt into a foamy/chalky substance almost instantly!  These pharmacies are being allowed to buy from other countries that are not regulated nor have clean working conditions. They sell medicine for dirt cheap and most meds are fake and either have less than active ingredient or none of it. Even worse they are allowed to put any fillers or binders they want in it and OUR PHARMACEUTICALS ARE BUYING THEM TO SAVE MONEY AND COSTING PEOPLE THEIR LIVES!!!”2019For Back Pain:		“The real truth! They're messing with your pain pills America! Pain pills are completely different than what they used to be. They're changing them to prevent abuse. In turn now they're not working. Every brand is doing it. This is why you can't find relief anywhere. They're punishing you people with real pain issues because of abusers actions. Which should be completely illegal. I guarantee anybody with more power than me could have these things inspected, and probably could win in a court setting.  Someone with more power than me needs to stand up for us people with real pain issues.  Facts!”2019For Back Pain:		“Just picked up my script for generic Norco. Pharmacy filled it with the M366 (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals brand), I’ve been trying to figure out why these pain meds aren’t controlling my pain. Spinal fusion, degenerative disc disease, spurs on my disc etc. after reading all the reviews I now know why it’s not working! It’s trash! I took a pill 2 hours ago and still waiting for pain relief! Ugh!”2019For Pain:		“I truly believe the FDA and the pharmaceutical companies are working together to make our hydrocodone pills less effective.   I have been taking two 10/325 hydrocodone pills per day for the last several years since I have psoriatic arthritis. At first I was able to get the yellow Par pills and they worked really great!  When I moved to FL, I could only get the Watson brand and they worked pretty well.  In Sept 2018 Walgreens switched to TRIS and they are horrible. Then I tried the Mallinckrodt from WalMart and they're worthless.  Then 3 months ago I tried Aurobindo from Costco and found then to work pretty well.  However, I picked up my latest prescription on Thursday and they must have changed the ingredients as now they offer no pain relief at all.  I agree with the folks who have written that we need to complain to the FDA concerning the quality of the hydrocodone pills  we are receiving. This is extremely upsetting that there isn't one single brand available to help with our pain!”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had cancer and an auto immune disorder which ended with several surgeries and resulted in a lot of generalized pain. My doc prescribed Norco 5/325 three times a day then had to double the dose. Mallinkrot was pharm manufacturer. This medicine absolutely did nothing for pain and actually caused other issues such as GI problems including abdominal cramps and nausea. After switching to another brand my pain was relieved significantly and no abdominal issues. As a medical professional I do not recommend this manufacturer EVER.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been hydrocodone 10/325 two four times a day for 10 years. 3 lumbar and 2 cervical neck surgeries 4 recently. Yet still more issues could it fix. I have never abused my pain medication. Never paid attention to supplier. Dr. Told me big problem in U.S.   This month CVS gave me Lupin pharmaceuticals Indian base company. I have been itching like crazy but worse these pain meds don't work. I just took myself off fentanyl patch but I can't handle this. Call Dr. Today figure out what to do. I am 63 totally disabled. This medication is a tier 3 expensive on Medicare complete. TIP I called Atnea went through pre- certification department and qualified to reduce to tier one which is now 0 co-pay along with another medication.  Thank you Atnea for being honest and helpful since I have a lot meds to buy. Is anyone experiencing the same thing with this brand pain meds. Only been around since 2017.”2019For Pain:		“This medicine is the worst I've never felt so sick in my life. My dentist prescribed this for my wisdom tooth extraction and I almost threw up my whole life!!! I don't know why they even give this to anyone period and yes I did eat before talking it!”2019For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have charted every acetaminophen/hydrocodone I have taken for the last five years. The relief has always been consistent until the last year when results seemed to vary. I never gave the supplier any notice because the results  were consistent and spectacular for my pain relief. I thought I may have been imagining more recent poor results and after reading other patient reactions in these comments I now suspect my current supplier of quality control issues. I have been using medication made by Aurobindo ( UO3 ). My current pharmacy could not supply another brand so I went to another and got a medication made by Lupin Limited ( n 358 10 ). Just started today but I can't find and comments about this company either good or bad. Hoping it works better than what I have been using. Would like to hear any other feedback.”2019“I take half a pill when I start to feel my legs twitching...around 10 pm...sleep like a baby.”2019For Pain:		“Like everyone else I was on Watson brand till they sold out. Mallinckrodt is now what every major pharmacy has in our town of 200000, Walmart,cvs,heb to name a few. First of all if you call trying to find another brand they treat you like a drug addict. I'm 70 years old , retired teacher. What is this country coming to when you can't buy a pain reliever that works but you can get  all the marijuana you need? The manufacturer of this Mallinckrodt should be investigated. No one in the government seems to care. Big surprise!! I have a prescription for brand name only--guess what ? The pharmacy won't even order the brand name. I still don't understand that, so you can't order brand name. Someone answer that one.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was taking actavis norco 10/325 for years and as you all stated no one carries them anymore. The Mallinckrodt makes me so sick that I did research Par pharmaceuticals the yellow ones is wholesaled by AmerisourceBergen and AmerisourceBergens largest contract is with Walgreens and Riteaid. I called around and Par told me you are with AmerisourceBergen and that you can order par. The 24 hour locations can try but they are mostly stocked fully with Mallinckrodt and can’t order past a certain threshold. Call the locations that are open to 9pm. BOTH of the non 24 hour Walgreens were able to go in their system pull up Par yellow norco and order them. They also notated my file that I have a bad reaction on Mallinkcrodt and can only be filled actavis (which is still made I called them as well) or Par. Hope this helps.”2019For Back Pain:		“Thank goodness we are in Mexico and I get  hydrocodone manufactured by Watson. It cost me a pretty penny but at least I get relief”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been on Hydrocodone 10/325 for a couple of years due to back pain and now the need for hip replacement.  About two weeks ago my wife and I switched our meds to a local Costco.  My Hydrocodone was filled on the 10th of January and I began using it.  The manufacturer that I had been on was from Actavis but Costco uses Aurobindo.  I have noticed almost NO PAIN RELIEF from this manufacturer's brand of Hydrocodone.  Further, I have had extreme sensitivity to light.  After reading all of these other reports, I am convinced that Aurobindo, who now has purchased Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals is producing and selling sub-par meds and will continue to do so until a recall is issued.”2019For Back Pain:		“This brand is worthless. Caused vomiting and no pain relief. I’ve been taking hydrocodone’s for 29 years and I had so many different generic brands and never had an issue with any of them but this one. I wouldn’t wish this brand on my worst enemy. Walgreens and CVS has really screwed up by carrying this brand only...”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had times when I've had to take Norco for pain. Most of which was Watson.
I had knee surgery Dec 28 and was given Norco 5/325 from Aurobindo pharmaceuticals. I took 2-3 at a time to feel ANY RELIEF. This brand is no better than OTC meds. I never knew until now that different companies use different ingredients. I'm so disappointed in my pharmacy for changing companies at the cost of their suffering clientele.”2019For Pain:		“I have been having trouble with my hydrocodone 7.5/apap325 made by Mallinckrodt for awhile but had no idea why. I have herniated discs in my neck and back along with arthritis, migraines, fibromyalgia, and inflammatory bowel disease. When I started taking the one made by Mallinckrodt I saw a significant increase in my inflammatory bowel symptoms, more joint and muscle pain, and and increase in my migraines. Thought it might be the inactive ingredients, and that might be part of it, but there is no way to find out. When I asked my pharmacist, they said contact the manufacturer. You can’t contact the manufacturer either, there is no information on how to contact them. It makes me so angry, because that information is important to someone like me who has a lot of food and drug allergies. I am definitely going to report this to the FDA and to Mallinckrodt.”2019For Pain:		“Actavis is now Watson and works. I was forced to take mallinckrodt and had so many awful side effects and didn’t even help with pain which were new to me since I’ve taken Watson since my 1st failed neck surgery years ago. I never understood why people abuse these medications since I didn’t have side effects or “high” from them but I also take them responsibly. I made the pharmacy give me a list of all the ingredients since docs say they are all the same, they are not. Mallinckrodt needs to be taken off the market. Too many fines recalls and lawsuits.”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I just took my last Watson yesterday . I was concerned about continuing this medication because all the pharmacies in my area only stock mallinkrodt and that manufacturers brand causes me increased pain and muscle tension.
I consider it to be a substandard medication and really I will not use it. 
I was lucky to find one pharmacy that stock amneal, while not quite as good as Watson, Amneal is an improvement over Mallinckrodt (mallincrap) so I won't have to ask my doctor to take me off this medication
which I was going to do if only mallincrap was available. I have informed my pharmacy that I do not want anything from mallinkrodt as I do not trust this company. Unfortunately they own many of the corporate pharmacies around the country”2019Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I switched from rite aid and the useless mallinckrodt (malincrap) brand to an independent pharmacy that sells the yellow 3601 Norco in October. I couldn't believe it but I only need 2 a day to control my pain. The next 3 months the same yellow Norco had decreased in pain relief to the point that my most recent script was total garbage. Same pills but different shipment. Complained to pharmacy and now I'm filing complaint with the FDA. People must file written complaints for the FDA TO INVESTIGATE. PHAR P thats the brand.”2019