For Cough:		“When I get a cold I get the worst cough imaginable.  I actually reach a point where I feel I'm choking and gasping for air.  I have had this problem my whole life (50  years)  and I have only found one thing that works and that is Hydrocodone Acet
It works within a couple minutes of taking it and lasts for at least 4 hours.  It is a miracle drug to me.  Because it is a narcotic, I only allow myself to take it at night time and has to be a horrible horrible cough.  Lucky - no side effects.”2015For Pain:		“I've been taking this medication for 6 years. Just last month the  pharmacy gave me this other brand which had U03 on it. I've never seen this one before. The  effectiveness of this was not good. It made me sick to my stomach also. I've never had a issue with 10/325  hydrocodone until this months supply. Will never get these again!”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This drug is better than nothing.  I wonder why it is used for severe pain.  It doesn't help stabbing nerve pain.  It helps back pain (herniated disks, arthritis, degenerative disk disease) a little.  Not much help for neck pain either. I need Lyrica for neuropathy and the two give some relief for fibromyalgia and arthritis (along with glucosamine).  My pain level remains disabling.”2015For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“This medication was similar to taking just Tylenol. Did not improve my mobility at all and did not touch my pain level.”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is one of the most amazing medicines; and, when used correctly, can neutralize body pain and help you feel like normal again.  Also, it is one of the only medicines on the market that does not make me feel loopy and can function effectively on it. Before taking this I had hip, shoulder, back and foot pain/arthritis and was unable to walk on my foot for several months before getting this medicine.  all good now!”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“There are only a few temporary pain medications that are better than this, and this should be highly considered upon initial severe pain relief until a more permanent solution can be sought after.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“For severe pain and problems in the lower back this should be the very least that is recommended for pain, at least temporarily until something else can be figured out (injection blocks, PT, etc). This has helped me more than almost anything else I've tried, and after taking these my sharp shooting pain turns into just a "heart-beat" type throb that I can feel in my lower back.”2015Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Had back surgeries and neck, after I fractured both.  Have titanium plates in my neck and cadaver bones in my lower back. Tried eveything. Naproxen, percocet, oxycontin, vicodin. Lortab is the only one that I can take that let's  me get on with my life. Tho,  I do have to watch when I take it, mostly before I do anything strenuous, and  3 hours before bed. For day to day stuff it works the absolute best.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have Fibro, Spinal Stenosis (severe) and Neuropathy, and occasional migraine headaches. I've been taking the Norco 7.5/325 for five years and it works, along with my 90mg of Cymbalta and 10mg Valium x2 a day.  I haven't had to ask for an increase in my meds ever. The pain is always there but manageable. I can grocery shop and do light housework daily. I can drive myself with no danger. I have taken myself off the Norco quite a few times. I might go five to seven days without it just to see if I'm addicted. I hurt a lot but even though I have a full bottle in the bathroom I'm able to resist taking them and not get sick.”2015For Back Pain:		“does the job”2015For Pain:		“I have been put on all types of pain medication and this one does the trick of easing pain.  I am highly allergic to the non-steriodal anti-inflammatory drug family.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco has been good to relieve my pain from my L2, L3, L4 discs herniated and resulting pain level 8 in lower back and down the sciatica nerve in my legs. 
   much better than morphine which makes me feel like I'm asleep and trying to move thru cement. It really has done a good job of lowering the pain level and consequently I can function relatively well and get some things done each day, giving me a better quality of life instead of just focusing on the pain.
   I know I've become addicted but I'd rather be addicted to something that helps me than constantly suffer from pain and have misery day after day.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have psoriatic oseto arthritis and this controls pain well at 1 mg 4 times daily Heavy fatigue, low blood pressure”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have severe Fibromyalgia with migraine/tension headaches and Chronic Fatigue.  I also have osteoarthritis in my hips and lower back.  I've already had one SI joint fusion.  I am on disability because of the Fibromyalgia.  I have used Norco 10/325 for several years.  It controls the pain well and at this point I am able to manage on only 1-2 tablets a day. I have to manage my pain to be able to function, otherwise depression sets in with the pain and I just want to stay in bed.  I may be somewhat dependent on Norco now but it's worth it to have a life.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“About a 2 months ago I started having severe abdominal pain, my doctor started me on Norcos and now for the first time in two months I feel normal again. I am able to control my pain and now I can live my life relatively pain free.”2015For Back Pain:		“Helps my pain takes the edge off it enables me to move around it does not relieve all my pain but makes it tolerable. I have sciatica and some days I can't stand, sit,or even lay down due to back pain and it gives me some relief.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I found Norco to be highly effective in keeping my back, shoulder, and neck pain under control and still allowing me to function as a professional (at least for the most part).  I have taken Norco on and off over the last three years due to a series of accidents. I have taken Norco as my only source of pain medication, and, I found it was pretty easy for me to leave behind once the the injury was healed.  I had two surgeries this summer (June and July).  I began taking Norco in April, and had shoulder surgery in June and continued on the Norco.  In July I had spinal surgery and was put on Dilaudid and MS Contin for four weeks.  At the end of the four weeks my withdrawal symptoms were exceedingly painful, both physically and mentally.”2015For Back Pain:		“I have been taking this for about 3 days for back pain.. along with flexeril due to back spasms making it difficult to breath without pain... at first it was just taking deep breaths then breathing in general began to be painful because it was putting a lot of pressure on my back causing more spasms and pain. I tried Tylenol and ibprofin and it wasn't really helping. The hydrocod/aceta 5-325 mg has been so much help. I can breath now without pain however when the med wears off I feel like I have been hit by a bus. The Dr put 1-2 tablets every 4 to 6 hours but I am seeing that 1 in the morning and 1 before bed does justice.  Hopefully soon the pain completely goes away....”2015For Pain:		“Fair”2015For Back Pain:		“Does not last like yellow norco”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Over the past two and a half years since I had major shoulder surgery the recovery has been slow. I've recently been diagnosed with arthritis and C6-7 cervical degenerative disc disease with C5-6 and C6-7 narrowing of the neural foramen. I was prescribed naproxen at one point which helped a little. I was taken off of it due to the amount I was taking a day. Up to 3200mg. I was also prescribed ambien because I couldn't sleep because of the pain. I started to sleep walk on four different occasions where my wife found me elsewhere from where I went to sleep. I called my doc and he took me off and I was prescribed hydrocodone and acetaminophen combo. That was the best thing that could have happened for me. I'm no longer in constant pain.”2015For Pain:		“After colo rectal cancer I have been on pain meds. The 10 /325 allows me to have a,life. I do take other meds but this is the best for pain. I have neeve damage ect ect . I have all kind of issues and a colostomy. I'm thankful for my pain meds. Just don't abuse any medication.”2015For Back Pain:		“I have had 24 surgeries over the past 18 years had a very severe fall this medication has made it possible for me to live a normal life I have heard of people abusing this drug  maybe I'm the lucky 1 because if I take more than it says to take or too soon it makes me nauseous but only if I don't wait at least 5 hours between doses”2015Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I did find I built up a tolerance to this med.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I take hydrocodone 10mg/325MG.  Of acetaminophen.   I have bulging disks in my lower back on my spine and they hit certain nerves.  I have had a great experience with this medicine.   I don't have any side effects except for some itching.  It allows me to function and continue to work a fast paced job where I'm on my feet.  You just have to careful to not take more than prescribed because most people don't realize how addicting it can be.  Read the papers that you get from the pharmacy and ask questions.   If used correctly this drug is very beneficial.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Norco 7.5 due to server pain from a bad Kidney infection. I'm not big on pain meds due to making me feel different. I have found this medicine has controlled the pain but makes me restless not able to sleep.”2015For Back Pain:		“It worked rather well the only problem was I had a rough time making a bowel moment”2015For Pain:		“I suffered a .45 caliber GSW to the head in 2009. Have had multiple OMFS/ENT surgeries. I have developed a chronic pain condition as a result of the accident. This medication has been a lifesaver. It allows me to function at work and has restored my quality of life. For me, it works significantly better than Percocet.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I'm 59, have sciatica, and it's progressed to where I know I don't have to live in constant pain. I've been a narcotic user most of my life so the 5mg didn't do much and certainly after a short period didn't do anything if taken as directed.  I've upped it to 7.5's and relief was significant and am now taking 10mg and the relief is amazing. I was concerned because I've been a narcotic user for so much of my life but it works and I didn't want to push it by going the oxy route.  I've been saying the same thing to people who don't understand.  I call it a managed habit.  There were several times I couldn't even sit in this chair and log on to the computer.”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been prescribed different meds for the chronic arthritis pain in my neck and only Vicodin helps with pain and it allows me to sleep comfortably at night and get through my days at work. I use only the prescribed amount at it works wonders for me.”2015For Back Pain:		“My experience with this drug was very good it help my pain. I would recommend it to others if they were in pain. Do not abuse this drug that ruins it for the people who really need it”2015For Back Pain:		“This is a very good pain reliever, I don't find it addictive at all. I will say that is seems to suppress normal dreams because immediately after I quit taking it I have an explosion of unusual dreams. But that settles down within a few nights.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Went to ER with severe lower back pain that went down my leg.  Diagnosed as sciatica and given norco 10. It totally knocked me out but did take my pain from an 8 to a 0!  Broke it in half so I could stay awake after that.”2015For Pain:		“I've been taking Lortab and Norcod 7.5/325 for several years off and on, they have given me my life back. It sometimes keeps me restless and awake some nights but that's a LOT better than being with cronic pain. When I quit taking them for a while I have felt overly tired for several days and get diarrhea. But that goes away after a few days.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“i'm taking norco 10/325 for over ten years on and off i'm over sixty five, i've recently came to the reality that this wonder drug has lowered my back pain, diabetes sugar, depression, and neuropathy pain. i've been told i have  reverse side effects form this medication then the average patients the doctor attends to. everyone else says oh your hooked on pain meds, so what. if they help all of these problems i have and have no bad side effects i can't live with. the best to this drug.”2015For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“In the past four yours , my disease has progressed . I have been able to control my pain with hydrocodone. Recently started getting Watson 853 . The pain has returned , now stomach upset and headache . Plus tired all the time . I take 2 10 mg 325 . Now I feel I have to take more . I have read on other sites that Watson was bought by another company . What did they do ? Please let us consumers and chronic pain patients the respect we deserve , and tell the truth . We're not crazy , you changed the active binding ingredients . Was this to save money ? Well I'd rather stop purchasing this placebo and deal with my pain. I just hope that no one dies by taking to much . Because I've read how patients are over medicating to get relieve .”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had suffered Degenerative Disc Disease with two bulging discs at L4 and L5 with Annular Tear and Spinal Stenosis since May 2006. No injury or accident. Right side leg went completely numb on me and sent me to the ER; Within a week I had an awesome Dr helping me with this med, Flexeril and Naprosyn. As well as Physical Therapy and Chiropractic Care. I became pain free in November 2006. Then I got pregnant and in December 2010 the pain was so severe that I had to go on Norco & do Physical Therapy again for two months. Needless I went into Pain Mgmnt with an Awesome Dr and of course tried and failed Morphine, Fentanyl, Oxycontin with OxyIR, Neurontin, and this was always reverted back to Norco. Had Spinal Fusion and Norco was what worked.”2015For Pain:		“I've been taking these since I was 13. I'm 26 now I was born with Crouzon Syndrome born with only 3 toes on My right foot and only one bone in my right foot. I've had 28 surgeries including recrustructional face surgery all the way to breaking my leg and making it longer and this medicine helps me get up in the morning it helps me live a happy life and strive to be a better person.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I started Norco 7.5 3 months ago for neck, arm, back and leg pain. I thought this was a low dose since I have tried much stronger medicines in the past i.e. Oxycontin, Roxicet and fentanyl..bad side effects.  Norco so far has sufficiently controlled my pain. Dose may have to be increased in future but now ok.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Not good takes away pain for 30 min at most have better results with tramadol.”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm 80 years old with chronic back pain.
I've been taking 5/335 Vicodin for 6 months.
It's been great. 
I really recommend it.
It has made my life so much better. I'm not worried about addiction at my age.”2015For Back Pain:		“I have chronic back pain due to herniated disks, sciatica and left knee because of torn meniscus, Bakers cyst as well as osteoarthritis. I had reached the point that I could barely walk except for very short distances around the house. I take Norco 5/325. I have had injections to both back and knee with some short term relief. With Norco I was able to participate in Aquatherapy and take my small dog for slow walks of 20-30 minutes & do some core strengthening exercises. Norco does not completely erase the pain but reduces it to a tolerable level that allows me to be more active. CDK & gastritis rule out NSAIDs. Norco does not make me nauseousis. With the change in the status of Norco I now have to see a pain specialist monthly for a new Rx.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Does not relieve pain. Just keeps me active moderately. I suffer from bulging discs in my neck.”2015Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“Did nothing for my cough, after 2 hours.”2015For Back Pain:		“I have 2 titanium rods, plates, and 6 screws in my lower lumbar , due to disc degeneration, which with the diagnosis alone U can only imagine the pain and that it will continue to happen all the way up my spine, it is inherited disease , I had first operation when I was 35 yrs old, and I am 40 now, have been on ALL pain meds there is out there, and I always ended back taken Norco (hydrocodone 10/325) due to it DOES dull my pain , enough that I can get around alil  for a couple hrs  a day, but I wish I didn't have to get use to living with a 7 or 8 on pain scale, thinking that was normal... CAUSE IT IS NOT NORMAL TO LIVE IN PAIN NON STOP!!~!”2015Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been given Vicodin for severe migraines, back pain, wisdom tooth removal and kidney infection with kidney stones. It never fails to make me feel nauseous, give me headaches, and make it incredibly difficult to function at times  BUT it did take away my pain. After my last ER visit I asked for something other than Vicodin, they gave me Percocet and it works well with minimal side effects.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“My physician prescribed Norco 35-325 after I complained of severe abdominal pain and pain in my kidneys. I started taking one tablet every 4-6 hours (sometimes less than 4 hours apart) and it didn't seem to help with the pain, it would help me sleep sometimes. I started taking two tablets, and it seems to make a noticeable difference. It doesn't take as long to start working as if I were to just take one. It lasts a while longer too. I've tried others and it works just as well but only when I take two.”2015For Pain:		“Works well......although I am developing a tolerance and the usual dosage is now not enough so the dr increased it from 90 a month to 180, that's 3 per day to 6 per day.”2015For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“This medicine helps me tolerate physical therapy after my knee replacement. It also secures a good night's sleep.”2015For Back Pain:		“I've got three herniated lumbar discs, severe pain in my lower back and sciatica pain down my legs.
After my doctor  put me on Norco 7.5 I finally have enough pain relief and I can focus more on my job and get some things done. It helps restore some quality of life.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on 10 MG Norco for four years due to back and arm pain.  It helps a lot especially in the morning when I get up.  I am developing arthritis and my Neurologist thinks I might have fibromyalgia.  I also have two heel spurs and tarsal tunnel syndrome in my left foot.  And I also take Neurontin  for my feet.  I can't hardly take a Norco after 5 pm or so as they keep me up.  I take Klonopin at bedtime or excess stress during the day.  Nobody that doesn't know me well even knows any of this because I can walk pretty normally.”2015Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I can't take it on an empty stomach. I have to take it every four hours. Makes me sleepy. My dentist prescribed this for me yesterday.”2015