Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Been on Lortab for severe nerve pain after trying Cymbalta & Lyrica. Works well.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was literally unable to function during my menstrual cycle due to SEVERE menstrual cramps. Hunched over, crying, shivering, nauseous, insane level of cramps. I also suffer back pain. I used to attempt to deal with it by taking 800mg ibuprofen, which led to my getting painful gastritis in less than a year and ironically never even really worked. After getting my wisdom teeth pulled and having my cycle at the same time, I was enlightened to how this was the perfect pain management medication. ”2011For Cough:		“Hydrocodone (either in the form of Lortab or Tussionex) is the ONLY thIng that works for my cough. I was diagnosed with asthma as a child and I ALWAYS have problems with a chronic cough when I get sick. I've been taking everything imaginable for the past 3 days to try and calm the cough so I can sleep- Robitussin, Delsym, Cheratussin AC (yes! even codeine didn't work!), Asmanex and Albuterol. I had to go to the ER tonight and BEG the doctor for it since I'm not in any pain. He didn't believe me when I told him hydrocodone is the only thing that works for my cough. He said its just a myth... but here I am, 45 minutes later without the coughing!”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Great for pain relief, broken tibia and fibula reconstructed with titanium rod.  1-2 tabs every 4-5 hours seems to keep pain in check.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had an auto accident which resulted in a broken tibia and fibula.  Which had to be reconstructed with a titanium rod from knee to ankle.  After 2 weeks of Lortab 10/325, doctor put me on Lortab 5/325, for pain management. Taken 1-2 every 4-5 hours works really well for the pain. I could do physical therapy without being in extreme pain.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had 3 Back Surgeries the first one was Botched with cut nerves and also left a hole in my spine! The other 2 was fusion surgeries with a implanted Battery Pack to try and fix the damage from the first one so I have to take pain medicines every 4 hours and I have tried a lot of pain medicines but Norco 10-325 seems to work the best so far for me.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I started taking Vicodin and carisoprodol 1 tab twice a day. I lived with pain for years until I started the medicines. But now it's creeping up to where I have to take them all the time.  Usually I take two Vicodin and 1 carisoprodol or the other way around just to feel fine.  I worry because I understand it can be addictive. ”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin was prescribed for my shoulder pain. After taking the medicine for 3 days without relief of my shoulder pain I quit taking the medicine.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have 5 herniated discs in my neck from being T-boned by a red light runner. Until I was prescribed Norco with Soma (2 pills, not a combo pill) the pain was always either intense or more intense! Usually the Norco/Soma works great! However, after 6 years, I know I'm seriously "medically" dependent on them, even if I feel fine. If I skip too many, the withdrawal symptoms start showing up!

But I have to say other than that, they work great!”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am in my 40's and have got Frozen Shoulder in my left shoulder.  My doctor prescribed Vicodin 5-500mg and it takes the edge off the pain. After the the first prescription of 30 pill were gone I requested a refill my doctor said he would only refill that bottle once more and that is it.  Stating that I would have to endure the pain.  He did not want me to become addicted.  Well I appreciate the concern, but what about my pain? My pills have not run out yet but when they do there will a constant pain. It affects my happiness, work, etc.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I suffered with a torn disc which eventually lost all the fluid at L5. So then I am left with a disc bulging way into the nerve, horribly painful. I dealt with it on my own for 8 months before going to the doctor. About a month after all the X-rays and MRI and shots and incorrect medicines they gave me Lortab... it was instant relief. They gave me 2 a day of 5 mg, that helped but wasn't enough. So I had a back fusion. The Norco works great. If the proper dosage is determined at onset it works wonders.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco is by far the only pain medicine I have tried and that actually worked for my back, neck and leg pain. For me there are no side effects, it just works. I suffered from depression due to the wide spread pain in my body but the Norco also has helped with that. I've taken it for 4 years and have had times off of the medication and it's tough but only because the pain returns and I become sleep deprived. It really is a miracle.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I take 8 10/325 Norco and two time released Opana ER 20 a day and the Norco helped for years alone, I have bowel problems joint and back problems. I just want to have a normal day to get up and care for my family. I don't drink or abuse medicines but I'm thankful for what relief I get from my medicines.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“It works great for my arthritis. I can be mobile enough to even go to work.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Headaches: Problem solver.”2011For Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication for pain management after lithotripsy surgery for multiple kidney stones, and it worked exactly as prescribed - knocked me out and killed the pain.

BUT - after 3 days using this medicine, I was extremely constipated - even though I was eating very little and drinking large amounts of water to help me pass the remaining stones.  I'm not talking about being mildly "backed up";  this was quite painful, and I was unable to sit or lie down comfortably.  It required a full bottle of magnesium citrate to resolve and if that hadn't worked I was heading to the ER.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Dentist prescribed this after having 4 wisdom teeth extracted... this was a lifesaver.  Not only did it help the pain but it made me feel really relaxed and I was able to sleep very well through the pain.”2011For Pain:		“After a gastric bypass 7 yrs. ago, have required 5 major small bowel resections, tube feedings, TPN.  Have had GI bleeds, ulcers, obstructions.  Taking the Hydrocodone elixir 30 min. before a meal allows me to eat approximately 3-4 ounces of soft foods without doubling over in pain.  It is like an exposed nerve in my gut without it.  Also have to use a Fentanyl patch for long-term relief.  Biggest mistake in my life was the Gastric Bypass.  I went from 274 to 115 and am now underweight and still losing.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Norco now for about 2 months for severe migraines. It works great, it helps me finally get sleep and takes the pain away. ”2011Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had a root canal and something went very wrong. The procedure, for those not familiar is an infection at the very base of a tooth. I had swelling, intense pain in half my lower jaw along with numbness. This medicine worked well for the pain with minimal side effects, although I was very cautious driving and stopped medicines when going on major highways.  ”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“As a former Firefighter who suffered a back injury 17 yrs ago. The surgeons said surgery would not help and that I should stay on pain medicines for relief. I've tried them all. Norco 10/325 has been the best. I have been able to get a job and hold it, which has done wonders for my self esteem. To be able to return to the work force and lead a relatively normal life. I can't do a lot of things but since being on Norco 10/325 for 4 years now I no longer suffer any depression and family and friends say I'm my old self again. I still suffer times where I have to slow way down but overall this medicine has been life changing for me.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“Works great for cough.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“Works great.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Cough:		“This medicine works perfect.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab 10/325 is a very effective medicine for scoliosis.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had low back pain for about 20 years, had a disc bulge cut out L4-L5 now pinched never L5-S1. I WENT TO Norco because I have taken Vicidon for many year. Norco works very well for me. I take 4 10mg four times a day. ”2011For Pain:		“My husband is prescribed 1 tablet a day in combination with Naprosyn. The combination does not give him full relief. He works in a steel manufacturing business that requires heavy lifting and he welds and is in awkward positions causing pain in his back. Diagnosed with arthritis.”2011Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am 18. I have been using Vicodin for about a year now for migraines and back pain. My back problems started right after I had my son. I never experienced back pain or migraines until I had him. All the lifting him up and yelling triggered the issues! I was on a medication called "Bultab". It kept me awake all night, it was terrible. Thankfully I was written a prescription for Vicodin and it really helped.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Doesn't seem to have much effect. Relief only lasts a very short period of time and I cannot take more before my pain is back.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin works great for migraines. I have had migraines for over 20 years and Vicodin and Lorcet Plus are miracle medicines. I can function at work and at home.
I don't miss work, it does it's job of killing a migraine that could last me for days. I have tried everything to treat migraine pain and I can tell you that this medicine is wonderful. Love, love love.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I am a female, 20 years old and have been on Vicodin since I was 17 years old. I had an accident in '07 and had major health issues and found that I have Scleroderma (a hardening of the skin and tissues) and it had caused me to have mild arthritis through my body. This year I found out I have full nerve damage in my left leg and it's completely numb. This is caused from an 8mm herniated disc in my L4. My doctor bumped me up to Norco and I must say it does work. At most I take 2 every 5 hours. But normally 1 and a half does the trick. Withdrawals are bad, BAD anxiety, depression (coming off and being on), also decreased sex drive and libido. But does work wonders for pain. ”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I recently pulled a lower back muscle trying to put a generator onto a cart at Lowes.  The pain was not too bad so I carried on and tried to work through the pain (I have pulled it before) well that was a week ago.  Yesterday I went to the gym to sit in the Sauna to help loosen it up, which it did but while walking out I stumbled and my back locked up.  The spasm was bad.  I managed to get home and I was able to stretch out, but this morning I started getting lower back spasms something fierce.  I was unable to move without a spasm. Well right now,  still on bed, but I am taking Vicodin (pain) and flexeril (muscle relaxer) I hope to be up soon.  Thank you all for your posts. They helped me get through this nightmare.”2011Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It helps moderate back pain. It's not good for severe or chronic back pain.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco has been extremely useful in helping relieve my lower back pain. Now my doctor is switching me to Ultram though so we'll see how they compare in effectiveness.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take this medicine for the treatment of chronic pancreatitis.  Its a good medicine and works well.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“It's not strong enough for severe degenerative disc disease, bulging, herniated discs and worst of all the neck fractures/ twice and 18 years of no medical treatment. This is a great medication.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Good but not very effective for me (pain related to Lupus)..especially in low doses. I've never taken opiates before and with this I still find myself in pain. I do better with Toradol.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Norco 7.5/325 1-2 per day for around 2 years. I feel so much better being on it when needed. However, my doctor does not want to give it to me anymore and wants me to see a Pain doctor. If something is working to take away the pain just fine, then why change it? Hopefully, this doctor will understand.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have worked in nursing most of my adult life.  I live with chronic arthritic low back pain.  My doctor started me on Hydrocodone 7.5/500 three times daily.  This worked well for a while, but it seems I built a tolerance to it.  My dosage was increased to 10/325mg four times daily.  I have never liked the fact I must take medicines just to function, so I would try to avoid taking them, which would only make the pain nearly unbearable.  Now I try to take them routinely so the pain does not get too out of control and it works very well.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have had 3 shoulder surgeries in 16 months. My pain medications have been changed several times. I also have had gastric bypass, so this medication upsets my stomach a lot. I am working with my doctor to change me to something that protects my pouch and liver.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I had a traumatic injury to my neck and shoulders about 7 years ago and didn't have proper treatment to repair the injury, so now I have constant moderate-to-severe pain in my neck/shoulder/back. Norcos really help a lot, but, as others have said, they don't last very long. I have to take 1.5-2 10/325mg tablets every 4 hours (at the most). 

WORST SIDE EFFECT: Constipation. By far. Since my back hurts all the time, the thought of going and playing sports is intimidating to say the least, so I don't exercise nearly as much as I should (I've gained 35 pounds since the accident and I'm 28 now). 

Overall this is a great medicine and one I would recommend.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking Norco for foot surgery and it has been working quite well for me.  I also have been reading other posts and found that this medicine works well for migraines too, I will have to try that.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco just made me woozy and did not really help with the pain of my broken ribs. ”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have chronic sciatica from wearing a gun belt for 15 years. This is the only medicine that helps me to live pain free. I have to work to support myself and try and save my house. If I am in pain I have to call in sick and then its downhill.  ”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco has been a Godsend for me.  I have a fractured spine. When my injury was first diagnosed, I was put on Dilaudid.  I hated the feeling it gave me (e.g. dizziness; feeling hyper) Norco has been 100 times better and I have been on this medication since 2008.  ”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I started this medication when I had my right hip replaced. 4 months later I had my left hip replaced. My doctor told me to take it as directed. Apparently, it not only relieves pain, but also prevents pain. He said that once I experience pain, it helps to relieve it, but if I take it before I feel pain (we knew I'd experience pain right after surgery) it would prevent it. I found this advise to be right on the mark. At first, I thought I could live without narcotic pain relievers, but it really worked to prevent the pain. Once you feel the pain, you're just trying to catch up.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Mild dizziness, sometimes mildly nauseous which soon settles as the pain eases.”2011For Pain:		“This medicine is great. I take 7.5/750mg 2 times a day.  Been taking for two years.  It is still very effective for me.”2011For Back Pain:		“Great pain relief but gave me stomach pain and nausea.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Vicodin is an excellent pain killer for oral or any kind of surgery to bring home. It doesn't make me sick to my stomach the way some other pain pills do. I have Fibromyalgia and CFS and took it for that type of pain but it was too short acting and I needed to keep increasing the dose. It also has a lot of Tylenol in it for long term use which can damage the liver so I'm on something else now for my Fibromyalgia pain. It does the job very well for short term pain relief.”2011Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Working for a long time just don't take more than what is prescribed. ”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I used to play golf three days a week but with much pain afterwards. I've been put on Vicodin on a regular basis. I take as needed not more than prescribed and it has worked wonders.”2011“Norco, Lortab, Lorcet. If you are going to take any of these take the Norco. And I have learned that taking Omega 3 fish oil 3 times a day will help you a lot with your digestive system and your heart. Especially those that suffer with either IBS or just plain constipation which is one of the side effects of taking hydrocodone. Do be careful and use your power and will to only take what you need or is prescribed.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Works well to treat moderate pain and increase flexibility.  If new to usage you can expect a "head buzz" but with continued usage the euphoria dissipates, but the pharmaceutical effects remain.  Does tend to cause constipation, but by comparison to some other pain killers out there, it is far more manageable.  Prescribed to me with muscle relaxers, but the muscle relaxers make me too sleepy to function.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Takes the worst of the edge off, but does not completely relieve the pain.”2011Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Long-term use resulted in severe itching, had to take diphenhydramine concurrently to counteract.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have taken hydrocodone for several years due to severe back pain. I have osteoporosis which has resulted in several compression fractures. My back is a mess. I have had multiple surgeries for stenosis and disk problems. I have tried all the pain killers, Oxycontin, MS morphine, Lortab, etc. Norco works the best and I have only minimal side effects. I have taken the Norco 10's, one every 4-6 hours for the past 5 years. I am able to work and function almost normally with the pain killers.”2011Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“The best medicine for me. I have tried all of the pain medicines and this one works the best along with Soma.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“It helps me so I can get out of bed and do the things I want. Without them I wouldn't be able to do much of anything.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Built up a tolerance to it very quickly and made me itch like crazy.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medicine helps my back pain a lot. Now I can actually play outside with my daughter with no back pain.”2011Xodol (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have kidney and liver problems. So far this is the best pain medicine that I have found with the least amount of Tylenol or Ibuprofen.  Xodol has half the Tylenol than Lortab so it is easier on my liver. As far as how well it works, for me, it works very well most of the time as long as I take it before the pain gets too bad. I would recommend it over any of the other pain medicines I have taken.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I took it for a cracked rib. But if any of you who have been in this boat know, there is nothing you can do for a cracked rib. But taking Vicodin made the rest of my pain go away from other injuries and did make the cracked rib mush easier to deal with.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have taken 4 of these pills. The first one gave me no pain relief. I took a second 3 hours later. I got pain relief, also dizziness, exhaustion, inability to sleep, crying spells. I tried two pills at bedtime hoping to get good pain relief and be able to sleep. Was up all night, restless, tossing and turning. Woke up this morning and now 10 hours after taking the medicines am still nauseated and dizzy. ”2011For Pain:		“Personally I used this for 6 years then changed to Percocet then to M.S. Contin where I am at now but this is over 15 years. If not abused this will remain effective. Everyone is different so I can't say how quick change would be needed.”2011Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“As this medicine can cause intestinal problems care should be exercised because sometimes backache is due to intestinal obstruction.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medicine really helps with my conditions. I've tried many medicines to no avail. Hope this helps.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Work's great just would like it to work a little longer. Great product!”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was in a motor vehicle accident in 07 and had a crushed vertebrae and herniated disc. I was prescribed Norco and it works very well. Its the only thing I can use that works.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been dealing with chronic low back pain for 2 years. I have degenerative disks in L4 and L5 and arthritis in my spine. Norco works really well for my pain.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medicine is good if you can get pass the side effects. I was sick, dizzy, felt like throwing up, felt like I was on a ship moving fast, or like car sickness. I went to see a dentist and he told me how best to take the medicine. Take Dramamine 30 minutes before, make sure to lay down, don't get in the car and do not watch TV. Everything he told me was right.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Norco 10/325 for 10 yrs. I have lupus and the joint and back pain and every other pain I have differently from day to day can be unbearable. I wouldn't be able to get out of bed without it. Highly recommended for people in severe daily pain, rather than laying around hurting and wasting your life.”2011For Pain:		“I have Lupus. This is letting me live a normal life.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been suffering from endometriosis for over 5 years now. I have tried so many different medicines to help relieve the pain I have on a daily basis. My gyno prescribed Lortab ES for me 6 months ago and it has been a miracle for me. I take only as directed by my doctor and luckily haven't experienced any negative side-effects. Thanks to Lortab I can finally have some of my life back.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been on Norco 10/500 2 times a day on and off for years. I have deteriorating defibrosis and the pain is unbearable especially in the mornings if I have not taken the medication to the point I can't get out of bed for about 20 mins and with help. I have tried tramadol, Valium, Flexeril, you name it. Norco is the only medication that works wonders.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have had multiple compound fractures in addition to severe degenerative disk disease from a car accident which also resulted in a broken back (compression fracture) at my L1-L2 level. I have had a total of 4 reconstructive spinal surgeries, with the most recent being in 12/2010. I have rods/spacers in my cervical and lumbar spine areas. I  could not take Lortab long term as it affected my personality in a very negative way. I am currently on Norco and it works quite well for me. I stick to the dosing schedule and have not had problems.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have deter de-fibrosis in my L4-L5. I take the 10/500 2 at night after my long days on my feet. It works wonders and I sleep without pain and wake up without pain but if I don't have them I can't sleep. My left side goes numb and I wake up when I finally do get to sleep not being able to stand up straight.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Lortab as needed for back pain. I can see why people would get hooked on it. It not only takes away the pain, it gives me a boost of energy as well but when it wears off the pain seems stronger, making you want to take more than prescribed. My advice is to be careful to follow the as prescribed directions.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have sciatica and degenerative disc disease. This medicine works very well in combination with Lyrica 50mg/twice daily. At times I have used more than prescribed. Then upon not having the medicine due overuse I suffered SEVERE withdrawal. It is miserable. ”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works great if you have flank pain from kidney stones/Polycystic Kidney Disease!”2011For Pain:		“All I can say is when I broke my arm it got me through the pain and misery.”2011Lorcet 10/650 (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have pain in back, hands, knees, hip, ankles, etc.  do to an arthritic condition.  It takes about an hour for it to kick in, and lasts about 2 to 3 hours and the pain starts to come back.  I take 2 in the morning and try to last 12 hours to take 2 in the evening, but it is not working so good lately. In about 5 hours after taking the pills, I am back to all the pain.  I am going to check with my doctor to see if I can also take 2 in the afternoon.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was given Vicodin after having all 4 wisdom teeth removed. From the first day to a week later, I took half a Vicodin every 3 hours or so, and I never felt a single pain or throb. Worked great!”2011For Pain:		“It seems to lose its effect after long term use. I had my doctor change pain killers from this to another every other month and it seems to help much more.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I am 28 and have severe RA and fibromyalgia. I was on Darvocet which worked good. But then that was taken off the market. I've been on Vicodin for a little while now and it works wonders for me.  Which is great since I'm up chasing my 5 yr old all day.  It's the only other medicine I've tried that actually works.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had appendicitis and the pain after I had surgery was horrible. I'm the sort of person who hates taking medicine, but I gave in and took some. It worked very well. I'm not sure if it was because I couldn't sleep because of the pain or that the Vicodin made me drowsy, but I fell asleep around 30 minutes after I took it every time. A few months later when I had my wisdom teeth out, I also took Vicodin and it let me get sleep then too. No other side effects.”2011Vicodin ES (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“My back was severely injured in 1981 I have had numerous surgeries and am disabled   I have an implanted pain pump  I have used Vicodin for at least 20 years. I use it when I need it. I go several days and sometimes weeks without taking it. I get some pain relief. I am never pain free I don't use enough to kill the pain just enough to make it bearable. ”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Dealing with chronic pain is never easy. I've tried Mobic but it led to stomach bleeding. I've tried vicoprofen but it made me swell and ache even more. Have used Vicodin but of course tolerance resulted. I now find that Lortab and Lorcet work great. I only need to take 2 a day for real relief. The only other combination I used that worked was Vioxx once a day and Vicodin 2x a day. Wish they hadn't taken Vioxx off the market.”2011Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“As a change I was given Vicodin for rheumatoid arthritis, as other medicines weren't controlling pain that much. So far it has helped a lot.”2011Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco are the best hydrocodone medicine with only 325 mg of acetaminophen. You can worry less about causing long term liver damage.”2011For Pain:		“Good for knee sprain, torn tissue.”2011Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab 10 helps my back for about 4 to 6 hours.”2011“This takes all the pain away. ”2011For Back Pain:		“I fell down some stairs at my house and fractured a spine in my back. This medicine helped me get by. I don't know what I would have done without it.”2011For Pain:		“I recently had to change brands since I can no longer purchase medicines from my pain management doctor.  I ended up with Carico brand 10/325 and don't know why I feel such a bad bellyache from them. Overall, they do help with pain but this particular brand makes me very nauseated.”2011