For Pain:		“I suffer from chronic pain and take a extended longer acting opiate pain med (methadone 10mg). However I had a dental abscess on the 23rd and was rxd hydrocodone/acet 10-325 in the emergency room and it worked wonderful. The methadone works well for chronic everyday pain but when a sharp,acute, pain such as a toothache ,earache or any kind of acute pain the norco (hydrocodone 10/325) knocks the edge right off of it. No tiredness,grogginess, just fast pain relief. I was also rxd Hydrocodone 7.5/650 (Vicodin ES) a long time ago and I remember it worked well then too.”2016Hydrocet (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Fell on wet floor had on surgery, was not successful, struggled for year got worse went in for 3 more on the same disc area, then went back to work ended up hurting it again having surgery 2 more times, then in 2008 was in bad car wreck and had to have a fusion done and the specialist Determined it was failed back syndrome”2016For Pain:		“I suffer from chronic pain due to severe arthritis and stenosis in my lumbar spine. I take vicodin as needed to alleviate 'breakthrough' pain, i.e., occasional pain so great that my usual daily maintenance dose of Embeda ER (morphine/naltrexone) cannot relieve it. It works well, with the usual opioid side effects, hence a score of 8.”2016For Back Pain:		“They make me feel good and productive only use it when I have pain that won't go with  the usual medication.”2016Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have severe arthritis I am now on Vicodin and the pain relief I get is outstanding”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Broke my elbow.  Did Nothing for pain.  Took Ibuprofen.  Worked better than that junk. Fortunately, it only cost $4.”2016Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“That stuff made me so sick I wanted to die.  It was like a terminal case of the flu.  And oxycontin made me itch so bad I scratched with a hairbrush.  Guess I wouldn't be a very good addict.  I have a magnetic belt I ordered from a catalog and it helps more than medication - perhaps it's the magnets but I suspect it's more a case of giving me  more back support.  Prescribed back braces were too big and heavy to wear so they're out.  I think every person who ever suffered from REAL back pain would be overwhelmed with joy if there was just a magic wand that would take the pain away permanently.”2016For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed hydrocodone 10/325 for about a year combined with a muscle relaxer for back pain. As the pain got more and more severe, this medication stopped working and I was moved to something stronger. Hydrocodone doesn't work long for chronic pain suffers, but it works good in the beginning.”2016Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was on lortab 10/500 for 14 years from 2000 until 2014 after having 2 lower back surgeries for chronic pain it worked best for me with the least side effects in 2014 it's like no longer available I'm guessing in fl. Or the U.S  now for 4 months I'm on hydrocodone 10/325  it is not effective at all for me I don't get any relief from it so I'm not as functional I'm in the bed more because of the pain and no relief from the 10/325.  what happen to the Lortab 10/500 ?”2016For Cough:		“I have always had an uncontrollable cough when I got a cold. 
A few years ago, I got a bad cold and ended up in the emergency room because I couldn't get any sleep for days because of the coughing. Surprisingly, they gave me Vicodin. And it WORKED!
I am 63 years old and I am so angry that I have suffered for years and years with a spastic cough. I could drink bottles of cough syrup and the only thing that would happen is that I would be loopy, but still coughing. I only take a Vicodin at night to sleep. I do not ever want to lose the calming effect by taking more than I need.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've got severe arthritis in my lumbar vertebrae and right hip. (I've got a hip replacement coming up) plus degenerative disc disease in lumbar discs too. Norco 5/325 allows me to walk a little more, play with my dog and get a few chores done. Norco doesn't take all the pain away but it does helps improve the quality of my life.”2016For Pain:		“I think it was the dosage that was too low given to me”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am only 18 years old. I have had two major hip surgeries that have been unsuccessful due to an underdeveloped right hip joint. My pain is awful. I am fine for 3 to 5 days without pain and on those days I don't take any pain killers. But on the days that my hip hurts I can't even walk on it and I need to use crutches to just get around. I am 18 and the doctor told me that this cycle may continue for years to come. He has prescribed 10-325mg norco for the pain plus 800mg of ibuprofen. The combination works very well. The larger dose of ibuprofen greatly reduces inflamation in area of pain so that the norco can relieve the pain. I highly recommend this combo for any one with sharp shooting pain coming from your back or hip and running down.”2016For Back Pain:		“I suffer from arthritic pain all over, fingers growing crooked, etc. Stiffness, pain, and severely limited movement are characteristic. I use  (I think Watson)  hydrocodone of 7.5/325 acetaminophen.  It's a godsend. Allows me to work doing much of the work I did as a young man, although certainly not as fast, and of course, being 69, not as strong either.  I usually take one in the morning, if needed one in the afternoon, then  again a little before bedtime. I have never had to take more than 4 in one day, that only a few times.  Have been using for about two years now,  and it  knocks the hell out of inflammation from this disease. I don't perceive any addiction and I have no notable negative effects. Occasionally use Tylenol  PM instead.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works better than morphine after surgery. Dilopid gave me a migraine,  Other narcotics made me itchy. This takes pain away and leaves me a bit relaxed so I can get some rest.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“When they switched me to Norco I had to deal with more pain.  The medication is half as effective and makes me sick to my stomach many times.  GOV'T doesn't care about the people with real pain more concerned with the drug addicts (which more people are becoming because they can't get the pain relief they need.)”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“So I ended up at the emergency room for severe upper hip pain - no injury to speak of and they prescribe Norco. Dr. explain it is sciatic nerve pain which originated in the back and radiated into the hip and thigh area. Nevertheless this drug did absolutely nothing except make me rather "woozy" but the pain is still very much there. Luckily I have ibuprofen on hand so when the Norco wore off I took that instead. I won't say it worked like a charm but it was certainly better than Norco. Hopefully I feel better in the morning if not I guess I'll be going to urgent care since it's the weekend :(”2016For Pain:		“I have several very rare incurable conditions that cause severe pain 24/7. I have permanent nerve damage, bone and spine pain and the list goes on.
Unfortunately, I have to be on pain meds daily in order to have some quality of life. I have been taking Norco at adjusted levels for over 4yrs now. I wish I didn't have to take anything, but it's an unfortunate reality. That being said, I take the same medication from a different manufacturer every month, and my pharmacy tries to accommodate me because for some reason I get extremely ill when I have to take the medication from your company. I have ended up in the hospital once and once again my pharmacy was out of my normal meds and I am stuck with yours. They barely work and I'm so sick!!!!”2016For Back Pain:		“I was given m367 for 2 months now and they dont work. Very little pain relief.  I took another brand 7.5 which worked 2 times more than the 10 mg m367”2016For Back Pain:		“M367 do NOT work as well as other generic brands of this drug. I have used many other generic brand of Norco and I am getting very little pain relief. Just picked these up today from my pharmacy. I was surprised when they were not the yellow ones. 10/325 hydrocodone apap. Stuck with them for a month now as another narcotic will not be prescribed due to new laws. I have, degenetative osteoarthritis of the spine with end stage cervical and lumbar stenosis/ spondylosis and more. Over the top chronic pain.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I go to pain management and seem to alternate between Norco & 10mg oxycodone.. I have to take more oxy combined with morphine per day to equal Norco 4 times daily, but they are both very addicting.... I hide it from my two children as they would have a fit. They are over 25 , to sum it up. I would rather take the Norco for my pain I think the Norco is the better pain medicine for back pain combined with what walking I can manage .”2016For Back Pain:		“Is not strong enough”2016For Pain:		“I've used this on & off for chronic pain and other health conditions.  I find that, for me, it's the only thing that takes the edge off without bad side effects.  However, I recently filled a prescription and was given a form by a new manufacturer - Actavis Pharma.  They have bought out Watson and changed the formula.  Shortly after taking one, I was extremely nauseated and had a horrible headache.  It made my pain much worse; I was in bed most of the day.  The pharmacy I go to only prescribes this brand now because it's cheaper.  There are numerous complaints online from people having bad side effects like I did.  The pill id is 2172.  If you're given this brand and have problems, please report it to both the FDA and Actavis.”2016For Pain:		“I had three spinal operations and both hips replaced during the decade of '00. I suffer from chronic pain related to systemic osteoarthritis and spinal stenosis and have successfully managed my pain with low doses of hydrocodone and acetaminophen (Qualitest). My most recent Rx was filled using product manufactured by Mallinckrodt. For effectiveness in pain relief, Mallinckrodt is substantially INFERIOR to Qualitest.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Norco is 100% the worst pain medicine out there. Did not reduce my pain the slightest and made me so nauseous. This stuff should not be legal.”2016For Pain:		“I've been on Pain Medicine for my Arthritis, Back Shoulder & Neck Pain since 2006 most pain  due to a car wreck it is now 2016. The only thing that works for me is Hydrocodone 10/325 Watson brand is the best. I take 3 a day. I've been on a lot of different kinds of pain medication for my chronic pain. ( Was in another car accident March 2016 which made me worse) I was put on fentanyl patch 25 mg, I've taken Percocet 7.5 & 10s. Those are all to strong for me. Watson is only thing that helps me to where I can deal with everyday living. If medication is taken like it your suppose to take it then it won't be a problem. Before last accident some days I didn't need them. God bless all those living in pain. All pain is different. Wish DEA would recognize that”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have been on some strength of acetaminophe.n and hydrocodone for the past three years.  I have seen 2 different pain specialist and took an MRI and unfortunately found out that I have desiccated (artritric) discs in my lower back and bulging disks as well with mild neural encroachment.   I am a 36 year old man.   The only way I can see that I got these very painful back injuries is from working food service for a number of years.   Like 7 full years.  This medication does work wonders for pain but has to really be taken with caution as it is a Schedule II narcotic.   I recommend trying other pills first before settling on this one.”2016For Pain:		“For my torn rotator cuff  I Was prescribed hydro 10/325 (yellow 3601) and there must be something about these (time release or other) but they're not very effective as far as my experience. When I received a refill (what a hassle) I went to different pharmacy and got the UO3 white oval 10/325 and they were 100% better. Took less pills to ease the pain (8 on the pain scale) and after 1 more refill stopped taking. It's a shame that people who are legitimately in pain have to go thru so much hassle to get the prescriptions they need. (People who don't need get huge quantities and sell for huge profit).”2016For Pain:		“I had a horrible toothache and was prescribed Tylenol-3s and 875mg amoxicillin.  I had to go to the ER to get norcos because the entire right side of my face hurt from my jawbone to my forehead-the Tylenol-3s were USELESS!!!!) on norco 10-325 numbed the pain and now i take one every 6 hrs or as needed and I can sleep again.”2016For Back Pain:		“I have a disease called neurofibromatosis or NF for short, with this disease it allows non cancerous tumors to grow all throughout my body, and I have several in my back and spine. A side effect of this disease is back pain, I have back pain from when I wake up to when I go to bed, and I'm only 16, I've tried PT and it didn't work. Finally I found hydrocodone/acetaminophen and I take two 5/325 and it gets rid of my back pain. I only take it when my back really hurts, as I don't want to become dependent on the medicine.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“These just don't help me at all and they claim that they are the same as Lortab 7.5 but they are wrong. Lortab help me much better than these do. If they are the same then why call them Norco and change the looks of them. Nobody is fooling the patients that have been in severe pain”2016For Cough:		“I awoke this morning with a cough that I know all too well.  At times when the weather is damp I experience an asthmatic type cough that causes spasms. I cough, try clearing my throat, use my inhaler ( which, incidentally I rarely use as I rarely have asthmatic attacks), however my point is that the only medication that completely erases this itchy, non-stopping, irritating cough..and it is a godsend, is a lortab. My prescription is for back pain..again only used when I have unbearable pain. I only use maybe a third or a half tablet..
Curiously, I googled to see if there were others such as myself who have found relief from these horrible coughing spells using not even a dose..just the right amount to thankfully have peace..thank you  all.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Doesn't help much at all”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I have herniated disc, osteoarthritis, degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, bone spurs, and more...I have been taking Norco 10/325 for 3 months now and have surgery coming up in June...spinal fusion and laminectomy of lumbar L4 L5.  Without this medication I would not be able to get out of bed most of my days and am very thankful to have somewhat of a quality of life.  I only take the entire 10 occasionally and break them in half to manage my pain.  I do occasionally get light headed and nauseated but I have found that I can avoid this by eating small meals throughout the day and drinking lots of water.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I tore my adductor muscles from slipping on some mats in a martial arts class 6 years ago. I've had two sports hernia operations which helped but I have some permanent nerve damage in my thighs. I get burning and shocks in my thighs. I have been taking 1-2 norco as needed for several years and they work great. I know they are highly addictive but no other pain killer allows me to work, have fun with family and friends, and continue to train in my martial arts. I sometimes go 3-5 days without any and rarely take more than 2 a day. If you have chronic pain or permanent nerve damage these can give you your life back.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“very helpful pain reliever
”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was taking Percocet for some 6 years and I felt it was time for a change. I was put in Norco 10-325, same level as the Percocet I was taking.
The first dose gave me a pleasant high and seem to be effective on the pain.....but....about one hour later, u became horribly nauseated...and vomited up the medication!
Future doses proved the same results. This went on for @ 10 days,even with an empty stomach. I tried Dramamine, water pills, Bonine, Metzlicine, but no matter what, it made me horribly nauseated!, in addition to that, I felt very lathorgic, brain dead, and my sense of taste and smell seem to elude me.although it did release the pain, the side effects superceded the benefits. 
I am now back on my Percocet 10-325.”2016Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The vicodin 10/300 is my last resort for migraines when Frova/Immitrex does not work. I take it with Zofran because I am always nauseated with my migraines and very rarely do I have to take another dose to get rid of the migraine. This medication has saved me from going to the ER numerous times.”2016For Pain:		“I've been taking 7.5 hydrocodone for endometriosis and cysts. This medication helps the pain very well but causes constipation and a little nausea. I'm sketchy about taking it to often due to risks of addiction”2016For Back Pain:		“This is the only medication that I can take it helps my pain. I have to be very careful with it because it makes me quite nauseous so I only take half pills and not very much at all. The biggest problem is is that nobody will prescribe it. It really sucks that a few bad people out there who abuse drugs have made it so you can't get the pain medication that you need. I can't take Advil I can't take steroids I can't take any of the others Tramadol or Tylenol 3 it's ridiculous”2016Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had knee surgery in 2001. The surgeon screwed up a nerve and I have been in chronic pain (24/7) since. Vicodin works better than anything else I've tried, including morphine. Without it, I am in pain and can't sleep at night. I can now understand why people commit suicide because they can't take the pain anymore.”2016For Pain:		“My foot was severely broken in a auto accident and my doctor prescribed 5/325 norco 1 to 2 every 4 hours. The pain is so bad all I can do is moan. The doctor is a young buck and apparently doesn't understand the pain I'm having.”2016For Back Pain:		“My lower back I think L4 and L5 are practically on top of each other. The pain is so severe in the morning take my meds, it relieves it for a few hours then take more as prescribed. At least I can get through my 4hr shift. Have pain down my leg and my knee also this medicine works for me.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“For me it worked for a little while after a few months doctor upped my dose but it did nothing”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I had surgery to repair a torn labrum in my left hip as well as severe damage to my cartilage. It was an incredibly painful surgery and was prescribed the 10/325 hydrocodone (norco) for my pain. One tablet every 4-6 hours the first 2 weeks post op helped incredibly with the pain. I was given another prescription for the same thing for my PT (lasting 4-6 months post op). I no longer took them regularly, only before/after PT which could be incredibly painful. 1-2 tablets did the job, providing incredible relief from pretty severe pain. Only negative side effect I experienced was itching, particularly when I would take 2 tablets (20 mg). However, 2 tablets provided wonderful pain relief and also relaxed me mentally. Thumbs up.”2016For Pain:		“I had a very painful reconstructed dental root canal.  This medication did very little for my pain.  Advil was more effective.”2016Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication did not help my pain post surgery. My doctor had to change me to Percocet after 2 weeks. I even tried taking 2 at a time, with no relief. It was like there was no effect at all; I did not get drowsy so it did not help me sleep, it did not give me the jitters, or a 'high' feeling. I cannot see how anyone would take these for recreational use or get addicted. They do absolutely nothing.”2016Maxidone (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I used the medication and was doing better than I had been in years, then suddenly I was switched off of it due to the new law and haven't been able to be put back on it since. Don't understand why. I was told it was taken off the market.”2016Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I Stay in servere pain,in my lower back,and knee,The only thing that helps my pain,is Lortab,,Im disabled and can not enjoy my life,,With other health problems,,But Life goes on,And I been taking it for a long time..But like I said it does help my pain..”2016Lorcet (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Pain and non stop coughing for over a month. I took one pill with food with dinner and felt relief within 20 min. Slept great and felt much better the next morning.”2016For Pain:		“Hello all, I had the worst experience of my life with medication with this prescription (hydrocodone-acetaphetomen 5-325). Now I took Vicodin years ago after I got in a bad car wreck, and it worked great. THIS IS NOT the same. I took this for getting a tooth pulled. I took one on the first night, no real relief. The next morning the gum is still bugging me, Pharmacist recommends I take 2. Within one hour I'm spaced out sick, dizzy, and short of breath. I literally felt like I was going to die. I call the Pharmacist back who assures me it will pass, I don't need to go to an ER. So I wait it out,took 10 HOURS to pass. Scariest part being the shortness of breath.DO NOT TAKE THIS, I can't warn you enough. It is not the Vicodin of the past”2016For Back Pain:		“I received 5/325 prescription to pass a kidney stone or pain thought to be from stones. It helped to lesson the ache so I could sleep but after just a few days the dose didn't do much of anything. Taking 10/325 helps but I can't function on it.  Ten days later since ER trip and even taking one pill or less a day and I feel kind of like a zombie, have nausea and dark urine. I do not know for a fact it's from the medicine so I do think it's worth trying if you have mild to medium pain.  I wouldn't make a habit of it since its known to be very addictive...if you can deal with the pain.”2016Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Since I take 3 time a days for 24 yrs it help a lot and I knows it willbecareful of this and safety”2016