For Pain:		“The pills I'm reviewing have M365 printed on them; the label says 5-325 hydrocodone.
I took hydrocodone after a hernia operation in 2007. I don't know the dose of hydrocodone but a single pill worked  within 30 mins. In fact, I reduced the dose by half. Today I had a mohs surgery on a forehead SCC (skin cancer). Once anesthesia wore off it it hurt to even blink. Two OTC tylenols had a minimal effect so I called the clinic and got these. I'm cautious and took a half a pill about three hours ago. Nothing. Then took the other half. Nothing. So far, I've taken 10mg over 3 hrs. Absolutely no effect; literally no effect. In fact, the wound is even more painful than ever. I was warned against aspirin and Advil b/c of bleeding risk. I'm astonished and wonder if the non-effect is in part what makes this drug so addictive. What a waste of time to drive to the clinic and fill the script. This drug has  absolutely no effect.”2020For Back Pain:		“I been taking Hydrocodone for 10 years to be able to work. I have had many manufacturers over the years unfortunately Amneal is the worse one for my pain. I literally have withdrawals and stomach aches switching to ur brand and still in severe pain! They don't work well compared to other manufacturers.. sorry!!”2020For Back Pain:		“I am so done with this generic hydrocodone. It does absolutely nothing for my pain and I don't understand how this medicine is even allowed on the market. There is no way in Hattiesburg there's more than 1 mg of hydrocodone in the 10 mg tablets. This stuff just makes me sick-ish and sleepy. Years ago it always worked, heck a half of one worked, now 2 won't even work. There is not one generic on the market today that is worth taking. If your doctor prescribes this for your pain you're pretty much going to suffer in pain like me and I know I'm not the only one as I know others who have had this med for pain issues and it didn't work for them either. Absolute garbage, the U.S. FDA is garbage as well to allow this.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Norco is a huge help for any chronic back pain, dental pain, and headaches.”2020For Back Pain:		“always got acetaminophen/hydrocodone m366's worked great for managing my pain. Then wally world filled my last RX with these t258 junk medication and snake oil. In the future  we all know we have two choices find a drug dealer for relief or the alternative.”2020For Back Pain:		“CVS was giving me the Lupin  acetaminophen/hydrocodone 325/10. Just 2 days ago I got my new prescription for the month. These are from Novel laboratories. Has n 358 on the white oval pill. Lupin bought Novel in 2015. So whats up with this? The pills do not work at all. Just make me drowsy and want to sleep. I don't want anymore generics!! I will pay extra to get the Watson brand.”2020For Back Pain:		“I’ve been taking Percocet 10/325’s almost continuously since 2012. I’ve had 3 back surgeries including 2 fusions. I never had any problems with my medication until my pharmacy began dispensing the Lupin manufacturer, pill identifier n493. I began suffering what I now realize were withdrawal symptoms. Horrible, nonstop drenching sweats, stomach problems, severe joint pain, and no pain relief. I discussed with my doctor and he tried requesting brand name only. Unfortunately, I cannot afford $2,000 a month for my Rx so this was not an option. My Costco pharmacy advised me that this was their preferred manufacturer and I had no choice but to take what they dispensed. And, if I call around to other pharmacies I’ll be looked at as a drug seeking pharmacy shopper (even though I’ve been taking my medication responsibly, and without exceeding the prescribed dosage for 8 years). So, my only choice is to roll the dice each month and pray I don’t get Lupin.”2020For Pain:		“The generics acetaminophen/hydrocodone make you so drained, no pain relief,  so awful. 
Why can't the pharmacies carry the Brand names anymore,  no freedom of choice.”2020For Pain:		“The generic acetaminophen/hydrocodone is HORRIBLE this doesn't work! If I could,  I would give it a Zero”2020Xodol (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This combination of 300 mg acetaminophen and 10 mg hydrocodone works best to suppress pain from kidney stones while interfering the least with sleeping.  Other Vicodin combinations have odd side effects like itching and “sleep skimming” (no deep sleep).   This pain reliever works best for me.  Always needs to be taken before pain level becomes too high!”2020Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was on this medicine Lortab back in 2016, 2017 then onto oxycodone by early 2018. But my advise is for y'all to try Liquid lortab aka hycet instead of the pills plus there is 7% of Alcohol per dose. I think its 5mg/5ml and 7.5mg/10ml,  10mg/15ml if im not mistaken. Works far more better than the tablets.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“Question I am so lost. So I get hydrocodone 10 mg every month. Well I noticed if I get white pills from CVS they work perfectly, but if I get yellow v3601 10mg they do absolutely nothing. I made this mistake 2 times when dr asked me if I get my meds from heb pharmacy I said yes which was a mistake because this is second time I got pills from there and they do nothing for me. I get white ones and I definitely feel it 
 working. People keep telling me its same pill just different manufacturers but I know the yellow ones have some different ingredients in it”2020For Cough:		“I have a cough off and on for 5 weeks. No over the counter cough syrup works. I am using Vicks, humidifier and vaporizer. Also, warm liquids and stay out of cold and windy weather.  When I eat food or talk my cough is aggravated and chest hurts. I take 5-325 hydrocodone-acetaminophen and drink 2 bottles of water to clear throat.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“For those saying Watson no longer makes their generic norco...... your wrong. Just picked it up for a disabled friend yesterday and it’s Watson.  Don’t know why you’d want it tho. Every time I’ve ever taken Watson norco within twenty minutes I’m vomiting.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have extreme pain from a tooth and my dentist prescribed me Norco and I thought the excruciating pain will finally end. This stuff is complete garbage. I usually have to take lower doses due to sensitivity and this was a full dose. It did absolutely nothing for pain. The only thing it did was make me a tiny bit tired, but Tris needs to figure out what they are doing. DO NOT use this for pain relief, ibuprofen does a lot better.”2020For Pain:		“AUROBINDO worked great and fast 10 for generic. I recently received something/tech brand 10/325 and it was junk and hard to break in half. I've had others that just weren't effective? and usually hard to break in half.”2020For Cough:		“I have had a chronic cough for more than 10 years. Had many xrays, tests and scopes. Was told allergies...tried inhalers and allergy meds. Tore out carpet in house. Nothing has worked. Doctor has no solutions for me. Now during COVID19 I'm constantly having to say "I've had this cough for 10 years. I can clear out a store with my cough. The only thing ever stopped my cough was when I was on Norco for a knee replacement. My cough stopped the day of surgery and no cough until the day I ended Norco. I am a person that does not like to take meds. But if I could get the doctor to prescribe a very small amount that works, I would take it. This cough is annoying and keeps me from sleeping. Many times I've told my husband he may want to sleep in the guest room so I don't disturb his sleep.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was on norco over 10 years, seems all it began to do was make me sleep. Dr switched me to percocet 10mg, better at alleviating pain but still causes sleepiness. He switched me to oxycodone 10mg seems to work better for me.”2020For Pain:		“Those with concerns regarding current generic pain medications are not imagining anything. After a gunshot left me with debilitating pain close to 20 years ago, I was hesitant to began opioid therapy. I was initially given numerous non-opiate meds to try and control the pain (Elavil, Neurontin, etc). After a few years, I ultimately ended up being prescribed Norco 10/325. Norco 10/325 worked wonders for me for years. All of a sudden, around the end of 2017, I filled my prescription and was notified that the pharmacy carries a new “manufacturer’s” brand. Ok, I thought no big deal, right? Well, it was a very big deal. That first generic I tried did zero except make me nauseous, so I changed pharmacies. The 2nd generic just made me feel weird & anxious. I stuck with the 3rd generic, Mallinckrodt, which is ok sometimes (very hit & miss, no stability). My physician has offered to prescribe me stronger meds, and despite my hesitation, I may need to change. Best of luck to you all!”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I screwed up my back pretty bad in 1993. The older I get the worse the pain. Surgery in NOT an option..
Used to get Watson and Qualitest brand acetaminophen/hydrocodone for the pain. It worked great. Then the pharmacies switched to Mallinckrodt.  It either didn't work, made me itch or gave me severe breathing problems depending upon the lot number. 
My doctor switched me to Percocet.  It didn't work at ALL!  Then I checked the manufacturer. Mallinckrodt.  
If you can find a pharmacy the doesn't use Mallinckrodt...run, do not walk, to that pharmacy.  I've had it with Mallinckrodt.”2020Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I've been taking lortab for over 30+yrs...
It's not helping my pain at all now.
I've had 7 back surgeries which helped but not for long.
I need advice on what else I can take.
I've got a pain management.
I need some help”2020For Cough:		“I discover my chronic cough goes away within 15 minutes with a small  dose of Norco. It last for 6 hours. Been taking it for 15 years. Never have to increase the dose. I have tried everything the ENT ,  lung specialist, allergy doc etc . Once a year I stop for a couple months to see if will go away and it’s always there. Im 67 years old, and if they ever take it alway , I will go to the streets to get my cough under total control. It’s seems like it has such a bad connotation, but it works! I get my liver tested twice a year . So far so good. I have tried  inhalers, and have around ten different meds which didn’t even touch my cough.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“For years I took brand Norco (acetaminophen/hydrocodone) when it was manufactured by Watson.  When the drug went off patent, many companies jumped in to manufacture generic versions of the drug.  At one time, Watson was manufacturing a generic, which was great, since it was exactly the same as the brand, but Watson was bought out, and it's impossible to know (except through trial and error) whether the purchaser is using the Watson "recipe."  
As for generics acetaminophen with hydrocodone, for me, the generic Norco manufactured by Aurobindo has been excellent, as has that manufactured by Mallinckrodt and Rhodes.  I have also been able to take the generic manufactured by Tris with what is usually adequate pain relief (but not as good as Aurobindo, Mallinckrodt or Rhodes).  The generic that I absolutely cannot take is Amneal - it's like not taking anything at all.  I'm not sure why, as all of these drugs should have the same amount of opiate in them, but I might as well not fill the prescription if the generic is Amneal.”2020Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been prescribed vicodin for RA and fibromyalgia it helps so much. I can get up and almost live a normal life without drowsiness as get with Gapapentin”2020Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Lortab gave me very little, if any, pain relief. Have been successfully treated with 10/325 hydrocodone for 3 years. This manufacturer pills don't help.”2020For Back Pain:		“I’ve had multiple back surgeries, fusions with hardware a few months back.  The past 2 months CVS changed to Lupin acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10mg.  I’ve had no relief from this medication and went through withdrawals for a couple days.  I actually thought I had COVID but tested negative.  I found hydrocodone in my medicine cabinet from my last surgery that I tried and had solid pain relief for almost 6 hours.  Whatever these manufacturers are putting on the market is complete garbage.  I’m going back to my doctor Tuesday to see if she can switch me to oxycodone or change to a brand name.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been on acetaminophen with hydrocodone for 6 years and just in the last 2 weeks I got a refill with Amneal brand pills, I thought it was the end of me. Had to switch to 1/2s and then was spacing them 9 hours apart but would become loopy, headache and no pain relief but a high which was NOT enjoyable, and a heart rate that wouldn't slow. Has anyone felt like this on the Amneal brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodone?”2020For Back Pain:		“I've taken this drug generic  for norco (acetaminophen/hydrocodone) for many years and I don't know what they have them, they are not the same drug.  Throw them in the trash. I wanted to get them tested to see what was in them but they said because I was on medicare and could not.  They signed a contract.  They did not want to be liable.  Be careful be aware. This is not what they say it is.”2020Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“After an injury a I got a prescription for 60 tablets of Vicodin. The old class I mean. 500/5. After one tablet I felt almost no relief. After tho Vicodins my pain goes away within 30 minutes. I am pain free for good 5 hours. I feel a little happy, drowsy.. constipated a little.”2020For Pain:		“I have taken lortab for chronic pain for many years and had to start using cvs for my medicines and used Walgreens previously but never gotten sick from the lortabs until now and have been so sick taking it . It has gotten hung up in my throat and made my stomach have belches and nauseated. Novel laboratories is who makes the Kieran for CVS.  Just be aware they are different.”2020For Pain:		“I’ve been using hydrocodone for many years for chronic pain.  This time I got a refill, I took one and it’s like I threw it in the trash.  What’s up?  I usually only need one a day but I have to take two in order to get some relief.  I plan on complaining to the pharmacy.”2020Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“8 years ago I had discectomy surgery on my L5-S1 disc. The surgeon was hopeful that I wouldn’t need additional surgery. 8 years later I ruptured the same disc. I live with excruciating pain every day especially during the evening hours when my back has said that it’s finally had enough for the day. I take the Vicodin only in the evening and it help tremendously. I’m also taking Gabapentin and Baclofen. The combination of these medications makes my life bearable. However, if I miss taking the meds on schedule then I’m in severe pain. The Vicodin works amazingly. The only issue I have with it is that it wakes me up and makes me feel more aware and motivated. At night this can be a difficult thing because I then want to work on projects and get things done. Sometimes I don’t go to bed until the early hours and that’s not good for my health. Otherwise I think Vicodin is a wonderful pain reliever for my back pain and sciatica.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Fibro, CF, deg.arthritis, bilateral TJR of jaw. Have side effects to most meds, Norco works best. Generic Norco quality declined substantially since 2017. Used to take Qualitest generic 10/325 worked great, then Watson. Mallinckrodt, awful, did I mention AWFUL? Felt as I took nothing, nausea, & dizziness. Tried Par brand bad as Mallinckrodt. Dr. documents chart about lack of effectiveness of generic brands. Called small pharmacy, asked to order brand name Norco. Did this w/out any hassle or judgment.Costs $500 /100 , Rx is 180/ month. I pay $10 or less for generics. Good news brand name Norco works great, no side effects, pain 8 goes down to 3-4. Bad news can't afford. Req. ins co. cover, have documented generics give no pain relief. Think generic fillers are poor quality, & is why don't work for a lot of us in pain. Assume brand name have better quality fillers. It's unfair we have sub-par meds. Not all generics work as well as brand names, as they claim. Brand: Allergan, white, oblong, NORCO 539.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“The generic hydrocodone/ acetaminophen combo has turned into absolute garbage in the US. In my experience pharmacies are just purchasing the cheapest product they can find, which increases all the bad effects of an opioid while providing very little pain relief. Opioids are the only drug class you can't even pay extra for the name brand for, all thanks to pharmacy/insurance company policy. It is absurd. Honestly, it should be illegal. Luckily my doctor is willing to switch me to percocet or oxy (which is almost impossible in todays age) so I'm glad. On the other hand I seem to have a weirdly high tolerance to oxy. Either way report this to the drug manufacturers (mallinckrodt, Tris, etc) is the only way. The FDA is filled people who don't answer the phone, so reporting to the manufacturers as well is best.”2020For Pain:		“I am a hard working citizen. I do not do recreational drugs or drink alcohol and yet I feel like I’m being treated like a vagrant getting the same medication I’ve been getting for years.  The pharmacies are making it harder and harder , they push out refill dates every time , sometimes for weeks with the same excuse “Oh sorry our shipment didn’t come in”. 

Oh sorry! They aren’t the ones suffering in pain trying to make it through the day.  Then they use Cheap products  like the brand LUPIN. It’s awful. 

It gives me headaches, blurred vision, and dehydration. It’s worse than Aurobindo. 

I call, and call and call and and do tons of legwork on my own to make sure the pharmacist orders the right mfg and they get it wrong. 

I physically talk face to face and they still get it wrong. So at this point it feels intentional. 

The street users and addicts make it so horrible for the people who really need to use it to function. 

This has to change. :(”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I can tell you right now the Mallinckrodt  hydrocodone has been changed ! I don’t think there is anything in them for pain , I believe they are taking it off market. I, for one, don’t know what I’m going to do. I’m 60 I’ve had 5 back surgeries, 1 neck surgeries I have been in pain for 13 years and have been taking the same dose  for just as long ! 
I’m sick to my stomach , puke , I’ve had a cluster headache for over two months, dizzy, gain weight , tired all the time ! Why would the government do this to people that truly need this medication. I’m not a kid sneaking pills out of the medicine cabinet ! I wish I knew who to call about Mallinckrodt ! This stuff is nasty I’m worried there is something going into it that could really hurt us ! My god what can we do ?”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I’ve been taking the generic Vicodin’s 7.5/ 325 for 15 years failed back surgeries. Walgreens is my pharmacy they changed brands from Watson to Mallinckrot and never told me I noticed I was sick to my stomach all the time and headaches tired , I didn’t know what the heck was going on. I got a refill on my inhaler they changed that, so I just looked at my pills what the heck they changed them too and didn’t tell me ! Damn now I have to deal with this for a month ! The pharmacist tried to tell me there is no difference in them and that just ticks me off , I don’t like being told something I know better !”2020For Back Pain:		“The experience is with Narco 10/325, and over the past few years I've complained to the pharmacy my doctor about the different effects that I'm experiencing from month to month. Born affected by Polio my biggest issue is hip pain but the medication is creating issues with a previously broken ankle, causing pain to that area same for a hurt knee. But the greatest problem from swelling in my feet, ankles and lower legs, and too the point of creating difficulties walking and stability. This is a continuous side effect when taking the medication. Summer months I can only help my pain with ibuprofen causing great stomach discomfort even if I eat before. But after about 4 days or so nearly all the symptoms from taking the Narco 10/325 knockoff is just about gone except for the burning stinging of my feet which I fear may become permanent. My doctor thinks I'm just creating this in my head.”2020For Pain:		“I have pain from  Failed back surgery. I've found a WALGREENS  in Illinois that will special order the par brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone (qualitiest) Norco 10/325 for me.

These are the LAST of the yellow acetaminophen/hydrocodone, and as such the last that work.
(Unless you want to send insane money on name brand Norco).

Also, I used to be on Fentanyl patches, and this same Walgreens ordered Sandoz brand Fentanyl.

Sandoz is manufactured in the same facility and on the same line as name Brand Duragesic.

The point being here, if you can make friends with your local Walgreens pharmacy manager, they can order a LOT of the specialty generic brands that are so much more effective then the IP 109/110 or the M367 garbage that every other pharmacy seems to dispense.

I don't think Watson even manufactures Norco anymore.”2020For Back Pain:		“Watch out for kvk-tech, inc brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone. They have numerous warnings and fines. Because the CVS here doesn't know how to read, I'm stuck with almost a full script of 750s that don't do anything but make you sick as a dog. When are pharmacies and drs going to return?  Or should we invest more in Canada and trust their version of the FDA.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with Connective Tissue Disease about 9 years ago. Up until a couple years ago, I got excellent relief from a yellow generic Norco 5 325. It didn't always relieve all the pain but that's OK. I changed pharmacies twice now in hope of  getting a product that made my life liveable. All I've gotten has been this ineffective m365. I took one over 2 hours ago and now do I finely feel like moving around, a big difference from getting relief in 20-30 minutes. The FDA is clearly negligent. They don't test generics for effectiveness at all. This witch hunt on Hydrocodone is a joke, with responsible hard working Americans paying the price in pain because of  the who obtain these drugs illegally. The FDA just recently decided that cigars needed to be tested at $100k  per test, but they refuse to test prescription medications prescribed by responsible care givers to tax paying Americans.”2020For Pain:		“The 10 mg HydrocodoneAccetaminopen 10mg 325 has lost its relief for my Legs and Lower back pain. It only takes the edge off for about 1-1/2 hours. I’m laying down a majority of the time as that is the only way to get any relief at all”2020For Pain:		“The pills with go37 are junk..they do not work...total garbage.”2020Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This is by far the worst brand of hydrocodone I have ever taken. Makes me sick to my stomach and does not on my back pain at all. And it's a waste of a prescription. Watson brand is by far the best with no side effects and does its job. I do not know what fillers you're putting in this junk but you need to take it off the market. I had to change my pharmacy to get a brand that works because of your side effects of this junk. I couldn't be more serious. I'm after pain relief not a high and certainly not to be sick at my stomach from taking it.”2020For Pain:		“This acetaminophen/hydrocodone camber brand yellow pill with the number T259 (325 mg/10 mg). This must have come from the  black market, because it is worthless.  I have to stay in pain all month long. It is wrong to have your insurance pay for this pill. No more for me. I have to find out what is in this pill. My pain is too great. Camber fix this medication.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“This Mallinckrodt  acetaminophen/hydrocodone generic Norco is absolute rubbish! I've complained to my doctor, to the pharmacy, to the FDA too many times to count, and to the company itself. I'm at my wit's end in pain! What is going on and how are they getting away with this? For 5 years I've been on this medication and when it was Watson brand it worked fine, didn't take away all the pain but it was better than what I am experiencing now!  I'm seriously thinking about asking my doctor to switch me from 10 mg to 5 mg because someone said they worked great, maybe it's just the 10's that are junk. Tonight I am ordering some drug tests just to see if anything shows up because honest to god I am almost 100% positive there is not any active ingredients in the Mallinckrodt 10 mg. Why should I be crying in pain after taking 2???? ENOUGH. I am in the process of getting a chemical analysis of my medication.  ”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I suffer from rheumatoid arthritis and have been on Hydrocodone 10/325 for about 2 years, and when the generics stopped working, or made me sick, this website helped me find a brand that works.  First, my bad experience was with Lupin (severe nausea and headache with little pain relief) and Mallinckrodt (which used to work but a few months ago stopped being effective).  The yellow pills with the V on them are the only ones that work, they are made by Qualitest, which is now Par pharmaceuticals.  None of the big retail pharmacy chains will order them.  I called several local pharmacies until I found one who will order them and keep them in stock for me.  They’re only open 5 days a week and I have to drive about 35-40 minutes round trip to get them, but it’s worth it.  I hope this can help others, and thank you to those of you who recommended this brand to me.  I finally have my quality of life back.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have all the problems that everyone has with pain meds I feel the pain. I’ve been taking acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10/325 for years and switch between brands etc. But definitely the power in them has dropped. I’m taking m367 and gives me more of an itch than the relief. I need my pain meds to work I pay big bucks for my blue cross blue shield 4 meds and I argue wit my pharmacist bout this but goes nowhere. I talk for all patients like I heard they all worried about over dose, addiction and such. ”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“The generic norco if today will be ineffective due to the abuse deterrence altering the effectiveness of the pain pill. Most of the pharmaceutical companies have been instructed to do this to avoid abuse, all the while not receiving any relief for those in pain.”2020For Back Pain:		“I have chronic back pain from an injury to 5th lumbar region.  I had back surgery in 1997.  The surgery gave me pain relief for two years, and that was it.  Now my entire back hurts from top to bottom with pain going down left leg.  I have been taking hydrocodone since 2003, and it has always worked for me.  Giving me enough pain relief to live an active life.  Within the last two years I have noticed that the hydrocodone wasn't taking away my pain like it use to.  Now it doesn't work at all.  
My last prescription was Tris PHARMA brand.  This medication is comparable to Mallinckrodt brand.  I have nausea, ringing in ears, headaches, and severe dizziness.  I feel like I am going to fall over when I get up.  
Is there anyone out there who can help us?  Who represents the people who have to take pain medications to live?  My quality of life is now gone.  We need help here!”2020For Back Pain:		“I have been taking Hydrocodone for about 10 years. I have back issues(need surgery), an ankle that I had surgery on several years ago that gives me problems all the time and severe arthritis in my hands. I also have a bad left knee and rt. rotator cuff issues. My body is just beat up and worn out. Biggest reason is from being a Registered Nurse in the hospital setting for 20 years. Anyway, I noticed a change in the medication first time about a year ago. Then again about 3 months ago. The change(s) are VERY NOTABLE!!  I have nausea, ringing in ears, less pain relief and dizziness so bad I feel like I have vertigo (which I don't..I had that checked). It is the Mallinckrodt mgfr. The fact they change the formulas on medications and don't let people know is terrible. Whether its dosage of the pain medication in it or fillers, it could potentially be a fatal issue if someone has allergy. The street addicts..ones that take any and everything to get high, has ruined true pain sufferers lives!!!”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Been taking this med acetaminophen/hydrocodone for about a year for RA and 
sometimes I believe its nothing but a placebo, and it does nothing, while other times it seem to help the pain.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Been on Norco 7.5/325 for 4 years . Had Spinal Fusion L4-S1 will never be the same . Norco has given me my life back . I am taking the Generic Version . For those of you complaining it DOES work . Be thankful you can get any Narcotics in todays world. They could say 800mgs of ibuprofen. Be thankful you are alive and kicking . Im 62 .”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“2 years agoI went to Walgreens instead of CVS and got my prescription filled  that month for Norco 10 / 325 it was a pill look like my yellow ones little football but it was white. Absolutely  did not work. I'm 67 years old and I had a horrible car accident 23 years ago and with the help of Norco I live with the pain. The last few years they're screwing with the medicine - everybody - not just Walgreens, Walgreens is the worst by the way. I believe that they are no longer putting opiate in their pills I mean if you get a 10 / 325 you shouldn't be able to break it so easily, used to be so hard to break that little yellow pill in half. I mean a lot of us are in pain if you're in pain why should we have to live in pain I don't get it. Somebody needs to do something I mean if anyone wants to go in together we find out how much it cost to test them I'll go in one way to find out”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been on Vicodin, Norco, Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen off and on for about 11 years with RA, PA, AS, fibromyalgia, spinal stenosis, DDD, neuropathy...well let’s just say my spine is a mess and causing the rest of my body problems. 

I was on Watson brand at first 5/500 and even 7.5/750 and they worked great and I only took one every 8 hours, even though I was prescribed 1 every 6. In the last year or so I was switched to U03 I have noticed that I am taking them every 6 and I’m even taking my Neurontin (gabapentin 300) more often than I was.

I really do agree with a lot of the reviews that there is a new formula or something being implemented by the FDA because I can take one and barely feel the relief I always used to. I know its taking the edge off, so I know its got something in it!”2020For Pain:		“My GYN prescribed this for me on 4/2/20, for ovarian cysts as he's done a couple of other times in the past, when the ER doesn't want to help with pain control. I'm in pain management & despite my pain Dr ok'ing me receiving pain meds in emergency situations,  from Dr's other than him, some ER Dr's don't want to be bothered with my quality of life & doing the right thing . In the past, I'm not sure who the manufacturer was, but, it was effective.  With this particular brand, Mallinckrodt, it's not as effective & I've noticed it feels like I've taken some sort of sedative. This hasn't happened before & when I looked this up & found these reviews, I knew I had to share my experience.  I also looked up Mallinckrodt & read where they've been in some legal trouble for ethical behavior concerning another one of their meds, so, I wouldn't be surprised if they weren't putting the correct doses of ingredients in these.”2020For Back Pain:		“Due to a severe back injury I've been on Norco for years..
Long ago, my pharmacies carried Qualitest and Watson (dark yellow) brand. Worked great!  Over the years, however, now they only carry Mallinckrodt brand.  This stuff is hit or miss. I've also noticed that the Mallinckrodt brand is not only hit or miss, but I've developed an allergic reaction to the brand.  Sometimes it causes itching and scratching, sometimes severe respiratory problems, or it doesn't work at all.
My doctor says that I'm not the only one with this problem.  Interesting. 
Has anyone else had these problems, or is it just me?”2020For Pain:		“Mallinckrodt Brand don’t work!”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I could tell a difference the first tablet I took; it gave me a stomach ache and made me feel almost lethargic after an hour or so. I thought my condition was maybe getting worse. I stopped taking the prescribed amount and just use it when needed; I felt awful for weeks. I got my new prescription of a different brand m365 and OMG I feel like me again without the side effects of this drug. I will be sure to let the pharmacy know that I can not take this brand to many different side effects.”2020Lortab (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This pill didn't do much of anything before but now days they do even less. Are they doing something to the pain meds so that they are not consistent ever.!!! Some months you get a script that's amazing an other times they make you feel so bad your head hurts an etc. But the feds and gov have there hands in every thing so I'm sure there knocking everything off so can't trust any of them anymore. It is  nothing like it use to be...”2020For Pain:		“10 years of taking these with little problems and just refilled and I have been bleeding out of nose and mouth and urine since getting a new batch of medication.  Dr is too worried about the bleeding and I am in pain, what is in these pills.”2020For Back Pain:		“Cambra acetaminophen/hydrocodone yellows t257 not effective. Lots of fillers causing side effects. Reported to rite aid, optum Rx, cambra and fda. 

Also people who comment if possible mention the pill ID number. There are many generics.”2020For Back Pain:		“Just got my script of generic  Norco (acetaminophen & hydrocodone) made by tris pharmacy has no pain relief properties whatsoever.  I used to get the ones that said ip110 (Amneal Pharmaceuticals) at least they worked am gonna just throw these away”2020For Pain:		“"I have a history of Colon Cancer and bowel obstructions which has lead into scar tissue. Also have had two total hip replacements along with other chronic pain issues. Dr. put me on Percocet...generic for Mallinckrodt. I have been on this brand for over 10 years. Have gotten my pain level down to a 3. Now Kaiser Permanente no longer dispenses this brand. Two month ago got the CAMBER brand. THIS pain medication is JUNK!! Gives me severe migraines and l want to throw up!! Have to counteract this CAMBER with other medications. Have called Mallincodt and they say that Kaiser pharmacy has to have a contract with them. Have filled a complaint with CAMBER and now with the AMA. Dr. said that if l could find the Mallinckrodt brand that he would give me a written triplicate to get this brand. Need assistance to find this brand.
Thanks and God Bless".”2020For Back Pain:		“Yeah I'm on this Malkincrodt acetaminophen/hydrocodone 10-325 for a  bad back. Ex-contractor.  This brand feels like completely worthless fake pills. Sick of sitting here in pain. Someone needs to sue these jerks. I asked the pharmacy. There's no other brands they carry. Because they want control of your life! I'm sick of it!”2020Lorcet HD (acetaminophen / hydrocodone):		“The past 3 or 4 months, every time I pick up my meds (10mg-325 hydrocodone with acetaminophen) it hasn't been working. I had the one imprinted with  U03  (Aurolife Pharma LLC) when I started to notice I was having to double up due to the lack of effectiveness. So, I asked for a different manufacturer. I recently received white oval with imprint 176 by the mnft "Caraco Sun pharm" they are even worse!! I usually take 1 every 4 or 5 hours, these I've literally take  2 at ONCE and NO relief. This whole scandal is rubbish, what are we supposed to do as the patient for a resolution?? Seriously!”2020For Pain:		“I just got a script yesterday for the 1st time for these  generic pills acetaminophen & hydrocodone. I've been taking 10/325 Norco's for over 6 years due to all my health issue's along with Oxycontin. I totally feel the difference with these pills. The yellow one's actually are the best I have ever taken ,but these are garbage like everyone is saying. I just don't know how to file a complaint? Good luck everyone!”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Ok so i agree with everyone about the changes to the pain pill formula.  I have tried RP, and Mallinckrodt brand and they do absolutely nothing as far as giving me the overall pain relief.  No real relief as they had before like Watson.  Mallinckrodt used to be good but that was a long time ago.  It’s almost like - might as well take an Aleve and a Tylenol.  Problem with that is I have to take a lot of those often and then my kidneys and liver are hurting.  Trashed my body even more.  Mallinckrodt is better pain relief but nothing much better than Tylenol.  There may be some formula out there to avoid the euphoria effect but without triggering that, it doesn't offer any of the pain benefits.  Kind of like - have to have both or you get an alternative that does not actually work.  But. Then people don't overdose so I get that also...  Might be good for the addicts to stop but when I can't open a jar without excruciating pain or lift my arm, something has to give here.  These brands all suck!!”2020For Back Pain:		“My medicine was recalled back to Rhodes and Parma pharmaceuticals for testing I am having all the above complaints somethings changed heart racing, no relief, valve problems lethargic, zombie, headaches it’s like the chain on medicine that doesn’t work will relay updates later thank you”2020For Pain:		“Anyone given cambra t257 generic for Norco. Not effective filed complaint with fda and cambra. Mallinkckrodt works for me”2020For Back Pain:		“Listen all...QUALITEST brand of acetaminophen with hydrocodoneis ONLY generic that works...yellow pills.  Just go to a local pharmacy and request them to carry.”2020For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed "Hydrocodone/Acedeminiphen 7.5- 3.25" for Sciatic Pain & Fibromyalgia Pain. I have been taking this medication for quite some time and it works/worked, until Walgreens, switched manufacturers, going from "Watson" to "Mallinckrodt". This  pain med has so much filler and hardly any actual pain reliever in it. I've had to take/use more to get any relief; And that makes me look like I'm abusing/misusing my prescriptions. This company is really doing us a disservice, not to mention being dishonest & fraudulent. I asked a couple of Pharmacist if anyone else has complained about this medication ( from this manufacturer) not working for them? He said there had indeed been other complaints. Mallinckrodt Pharmaceutical products  are on the same level as Placebos. This is so unfair, when we are suffering with legitimate pain. I am pleading with Walgreens, Walmart & other Pharmacies to Stop buying from this company. We Need Real Meds. This Patient/Consumer is calling them out!”2020Lorcet HD (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This pain medicine does Not Work!!! I was taking Norco which is much better! Couldn’t even tell I had taken anything!”2020For Back Pain:		“Past six months can't find any other brand of  acetaminophen and hydrocodone but these new pills by Malinckrodt and similar.  Definitely this is the government and big pharma trying to curb the opioid epidemic without telling anyone. Who can afford a lawyer big enough to dig into this? Cardinal health is now a 50-50 partner with CVS and Cardinal regulates what drugs get distributed to all pharmacies.  I heard this from two pharmacists directly. They took away their right to choose order specific manufacturers.  Imagine the money they're making by not even putting the active ingredient in these pills and selling them for the same price.  They know that you're going to be treated as if you're a drug addict if you say anything. The only recourse you do have is to complain through the proper channels. That's about like saying you want your tax rate lowered for your income bracket!  Unfortunately people with true chronic pain issues are suffering because they don't fix the issue of addiction”2020For Pain:		“Punish the heroin not pain meds.  Ridiculous that this is even happening.  Some people rely on it just to work and have any quality of life.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Back and neck looks like a train wreck without going into a long drawn out post. Waiting for a surgery because dr is out of town. Pain dr says be patient. I’m not out of pain. Been on Norco for 15 years. Looking at a 3rd neck fusion and 4 herniations, disc protruding and other MRI findings.  Dr is scared to prescribe medication. I’ve actually thought about street drugs to relieve my pain. It’s not addiction it’s desperation for chronic pain relief!!!”2020For Back Pain:		“They have redone these pills. They do not work like they did before. I used to take 1 pill and feel it help my pain, but I can take 2 1/2 now and it does not help at all. They are fooling everyone because they do not work!”2020For Back Pain:		“The Oxycodone/Acetaminophen 10-325mg has changed. I have been prescribed this medication for chronic back, neck, leg & shoulder pain due to Fusion Spine surgery, it has no strength and/or helpful agents in it to give me any relief. I have complained the pharmacy, my doctors and other places as needed to no avail about there being a change in this prescription. I feel I am/have wasted my time & money thinking it will help with my pain.”2020For Pain:		“FYI.  please beware if you are getting your
Hydrocodone/Acetaminophen pain medication from certain manufacturer there may be a problem with your pharmacy being able to stock.  This happened to me regarding Sun Pharma brand.  I am trying to find answers.
Due to China supplying so many of the ingredients in our medications, what is occurring could be due to the CoronaVirus.
If this is the case, this could effect the availability for many prescription medications.
Something you may want to keep informed on.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I was given Norco because of stenosis and herniated disc which happened on the job and because I'm in a program of recovery I did not want to take it however the pain became too great and I was getting a great  generic version of Norco  acetaminophen/hydrocodone now the only thing that is available is Mallinckrodt and before that I had a manufacturer Eywa.. ( THOSE ARE AWFUL) however Mallinckrodt is the best I can come up with because Watson no longer makes this medication and the looks from the pharmacy just because it doesn't look like I have anything wrong doesn't mean that there isn't. My doctor has shared with me that he won't increase my dosage even though my condition is chronic nor will he change it to Percocet because I would have to go to a hearing I don't know if anyone has ever heard of any of these things but if you have please share I'm in Ohio the Cleveland area. I'm just tired and NO ONE should have to deal with substandard medicines  but what about those of us who have chronic pain?”2020For Pain:		“Yes I have felt that there is a difference now in the effectiveness of Watson brand of  acetaminophen with hydrocodone 10/325. Now I know I am not crazy. The 5/500 Vicodin back in the 90's worked better than today's 10/325 Watson. Even when I took 10/ 325 Watson's in 2008 they worked better. I personally thought something was up three years ago and it started then. The problem is I don't have any pills from that era 90's or mid 2000's to test and compare the difference with a lab breaking down the chemicals.”2020For Back Pain:		“The generic manufacturer of acetaminophen/hydrocodone is making a lower dose of the Hydrocodone and causing side effects I've never had before.  I now get headaches, ( I have Cushings Syndrome and any headache is scary because I have a tumor on my Pituitary gland) I am experiencing a lower pain control, nausea. This medication does not work well for my conditions. This includes, diabetic neuropathy, degenerative disc, sciatica nerve pain, and spinal stenosis. This medication does not relieve the pain like Hydrocodone I have been prescribed before.”2020For Back Pain:		“I have been on this med since I was 16 years old, so  30 years. It helps more then u can say now they are  taking them away, why? Yes I have concerns after being on them for 30 years like when they cut me from 6 to 4 it put me in hospital for 2 weeks on life support.  I say if u take them away from people who actually use them the right way then its life-of-pain sentence.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Been on hydrocodone 20 years now. Life was great when six 10/325 yellow tabs worked 10 hour days. I was able to work and make great money (self employed contractor in home improvements)..bills paid...child support paid..life was great...then the proclaimed opioid crisis came.  Pain management cut me down to four 10/325. Work went OK...(only 7 hour days)...then pain management cut me down again..(against my will )...down to four   7.5/325, then down to three 7.5/325 a day.  Now I can only work 3 days a week for 3 hours.  I am now behind on support orders, house payments, bills, taxes...and mind you..never abused them...don't drink..never did drugs (street illicit ).  Always passed the urine tests for for meds...always passed pill counts...perfect pain management role model. My pain is all due to 3 motorcycle crashes, fell off roof  (24 feet), tree fell on me,  ran over by truck in 9th grade, so yeah a long history of injuries. Now about to loose everything I worked for last 20 years. The newest generics prescribe to me is PAR Pharmaceutical 7.5/325 and I don't even think there is any active ingredient in them..god bless”2020For Pain:		“Tooth pain.  Took acetaminophen/hydrocodone. Horrible rubbish, had increased edema and joint pain, in my opinion it is poison, this is not hydrocodone but the opposite, hydrocodone always in the past eliminated inflammation and edema.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I can't understand why there aren't any more complaints , is everyone taking a generic Norco (acetaminophen and hydrocodone ) that actually works? If so please tell me what brand it is because the Tris brand has done something  to their pills and they don't work at all anymore. I am no longer able to clean my home and barely can work part time. One of these sissy lawyers needs to step up and file a lawsuit for intentional pain and suffering because what these drug makers are doing is illegal and the FDA won't do their jobs. I have been filing complaints since last year. The FDA needs to be sued also. Tons of suicides already happened and more to come someone can only live in severe pain for so long.  It feels like they just want to get rid of all the pain patients. I know they changed it because I saved a few old ones and half of one gives me relief. Please file complaints daily with the FDA and these vile drug companies who have no consciences.”2020For Back Pain:		“ATTENTION PEOPLE!  Complain to the FDA in writing, and complain to the CDC as well.  These government agencies are requiring all manufacturers of generic opioids to reformulate the medications so they will be less addictive.  In the process the medication itself has become ineffective, and simply does not work.  The last time my medication worked was February 23, 2019.  Since then it has been downhill.  We need to let our voices be heard!  I hope a lawyer reads all of these posts, and files a class action lawsuit against the FDA, CDC, and the drug manufacturers.  I complain to the FDA, and CDC every time I get my pain medication filled.  Every generic I have tried has been ineffective.

It’s time for something to be done!  
Thanks to this post I now know I am not alone!”2020For Pain:		“I've been on  on Norco generic (acetaminophen with hydrocodone) 7.5 manufacturer Lupin but now they have changed manufacturer and it is not helping me. Mallinckrodt. I take these and I go to sleep with a little relief but then wake up with pain . The manufacturer LUPIN worked for me but now I can't find a pharmacy who carries them. What has happened?”2020For Pain:		“Have fibro and spinal fusion kvk acetaminophen with hydrocodone works very good.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I been taking 367 Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals  acetaminophen and hydrocodone (325 mg/10 mg) for the pain for 6 years. My doctor prescription this time I was given acetaminophen with hydrocodone (500mg/10mg) the Watson brand imprinted with 540. It’s just not the same this pill is too strong for me, makes me fill very dizzy and start sweating. Did not had any sleep entire night.  Definitely the FDA has to take a look at these narcotic acetaminophen and hydrocodone and check the different brands for active ingred. and strengths .... thanks.... god bless everyone...”2020For Cough:		“I've been using Norco for over 10 years to treat my chronic pain. Surprisingly I found out it works great for flu medicine. I take it and my cough and flu symptoms are greatly reduced for hours. Who would have known? Works better than the original NyQuil. Too bad it's abused, because this medicine works fantastic. I hope one day they can find a medicine that works just as good as Norco that is not addictive. I've been taking the same dose everyday and have not increased it, but I'm rare I guess.”2020For Pain:		“Feeling sick for over a year now from hydrocodone ingredient change by the manufacturers. Heart racing, insomnia, chest pains. Where can we have these pills analyzed to tell what is in them, I clearly have SUFFERED immensely. We just have to find a lab that is not paid off by the government...”2020For Pain:		“I suffer from severe spinal pain, both neck & lower back disc deterioration & nerve damage. I started 10/325 hydrocodone with acetominophen by Rhodes . This medication would bring my pain from a 10 to a 5 and allowed me to function. This last refill however was changed to Sun Pharma & I get absolutely NO pain relief !!! I feel as if this company is is not putting any hydrocodone at all in this medication. FDA do your job & monitor what goes into our medicine.”2020For Pain:		“Hydrocodone-Acetaminophen 7.5-325. Cost $27.36 for 18 pills. Prescribed by my dentist For pain until my root canal. This product did absolutely nothing for the pain. Two aspirin by mouth did get rid of  the pain and cost a penny. I tried the hydrocodone (the presc acetaminophen/hydrocodone) for two days with no results, it was manufactured by Mallinckrodt. As affective as a sugar pill. My past experience with hydrocodone was the same so he switched to oxycodone which removes all pain with a few side affects like tiredness and constipation. For the root canal, I took aspirin and acetaminophen.”2020“I had M367 (Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals  brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone) for years. It was working for me not too well but it was ok. Then Rite Aid switched to Camber which is total trash. I changed to an independent pharmacy and asked several brands including Sun, Cara, Rhodes, Par and others. Anything the big corporation sell you! I got Rhodes brand of acetaminophen/hydrocodone and I am happy.”2020For Cough:		“Demanded Tussionex at the clinic for a nagging cough.  Dr said she would give me codine instead.  I said I could drink a pint of Jack Daniels to make me pass out, or she could prescribe Tussionex Suspension liquid.  She asked "where did you hear this?", austensively to shoot it down.  I showed he my phone with this page.  Shut her dumb ass right up.
Doctors are NOT patient advocates.  You are the best advocate for yourself.  Don't automatically trust someone that is practicing.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“They've made all the acetaminophen with hydrocodone medication weaker. I believe the FDA is behind it. The only one that works for me is vicoprofen 7.5, good luck people and God bless :-)”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Was prescribed this to help manage the insane pain of a kidney stone and it seems to do pretty much nothing. I don’t take any other opiates but I have to imagine that they work better than this. I get virtually no relief at all.”2020For Pain:		“Gave me dizziness, headache, nausea, and muscle weakness. Did nothing for my pain after bilateral hernia surgery. Deserves negative rating.”2020For Back Pain:		“I have multiple myeloma and arthritis, on chemo with neuropathy and have been taking  acetaminophen and hydrocodone 10/325's for 3 to 4 years. Apparently, my Walgreens switched to Mallinckrodt  brand  of acetaminophen with hydrocodone a couple of months ago as I noticed upon taking one that I didn't feel a thing, nor did it alleviate the pain in my back (where my lesion is) nor the pain in my legs and feet. Most often my eyes would get a little heavy and by bedtime I would be able to sleep but not with these! They are useless. May as well take Ibuprofen. I am contacting my insurance pharmacy and asking them to request a different brand or non-generic. The FDA is so crooked, people with bonafide chronic pain are being punished because of the pain clinics and addicts. It is so unfair it makes me want to cry.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This is an update the last 3 months of Tris brand of  acetaminophen with hydrocodone (generic Norco) has felt like taking nothing. My new refill Friday of January 17 now feels like I'm taking a completely different medication this is not hyrdocodone in these pills!!! I am tired dizzy headache and a little upset stomach. These manufactures are doing some sort of testing on consumers using us as lab rats and its sickening. PLEASE PPL FILE COMPLAINTS WITH THE COMPANIES AND FILE COMPLAINTS WITH THE FDA ONLINE FORMS EVERY DAY UNTIL THEY GET INVESTIGATED.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“To all of you that are having bad experiences with Tris Pharma hydrocodone with acetaminophen I suggest letting the pharmacy know I suggest complaining to your pharmacist corporate office I suggest calling the FDA and filing a complaint other than just posting here because if not enough people see anything nothing will be done 


I have rheumatoid arthritis mostly in my hands but in all of my joints and have a hard time getting out of bed in the morning 

I also have degenerative disc disorder in my lower back .

Walgreens pharmacy has Tris  and they will not order another brand per my doctor’s electronic prescription.

I was told “what we have on our shelf is what you get “ Tris  brand of hydrocodone  with acetaminophenmakes me very itchy it either makes me really tired or very hyper and it does nothing to relieve my pain two hours later I will be asking myself if I even took a pain med.”2020For Pain:		“Hydrocodone with acetaminophen 10/325 
I have endometriosis and was diagnosed at 15 years old before I was then surgically diagnosed when I was 19. I have suffered from severe endometrial pain for most of my life. This medication has been a life saver and I can actually function in life. Thanks to this medication I would have never been able to function and be a part of my family life.”2020For Pain:		“Amneal works and is authentic.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“What’s everyone’s issue with Mallinkcrodt? I’ve been taking 10-325 for 5 years. When I don’t take them, I’m in tremendous pain. When I do take them, I am not. They work just fine for me... Take them as prescribed and with ibuprofen if necessary.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I've had RA for 43 years. I started Vicodin in 1998 the reason my doctor put me on Vicodin I was taking too many over the counter Tylenol  to help my rheumatoid arthritis. In 2006 my rheumatologist  prescribed me Norcos because they said Norcos wouldn't harm my stomach. Now in 2020 it seems like a lot of people are complaining about overdosing on Norcos or morphine but I don't think that's fair I have a lot of pain and I'm pretty sure there's a lot of other people that have pain as well I don't think people should be judge and jury and especially the way the pharmacy treat their customers like you're a drug addict”2020For Back Pain:		“I am glad I found this I was starting to think it was all in my head. My rite aid recently switched my hydrocodone to the yellow generic camber ones, these give me an upset stomach and really bad insomnia. When I take them I feel like I'm hyped up and yet they don't work as well. I called the pharmacist and he told me rite aid has switched to this manufacturer for now. They act so weird about this medicine that I hate to transfer pharmacies for just that, but I feel that the pills are actually worthless it's like taking a couple Tylenol and getting this upset stomach.”2020For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Have been on hydrocodone/ acetaminophen 10mg/325 for 10 years. 
Always received the Watson brand.  Then Watson stopped manufacturing hydrocodone and the pills  that I have been getting in the past 4 months I (with my pharmacist help) have tried the following :Aurobindo, rhodes and tris pharma.  They don’t work anymore.  Also side effects of racing heart.  I see others have the same problem.  Does anyone have a brand that DOES work.  How do you report this to the FDA.  This is horrible.  I am also on protonix for GERDs and this too has lost its effectiveness.”2020Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Mallinckrodt 10/325 is utter trash felt nauseous then binge ate then became rage full I reported it to mallinckrodt but they don't care disgusting manufacturer”2020For Back Pain:		“Do not except these rubbish brands! You don’t have to go to CVS or Walgreens or Walmart! Just find an independent pharmacy as I have done & they were kind enough to order me the Cara brand & I said I would cover out of pocket if my insurance didn’t cover it! . Do not except useless pain meds! We are human beings & it’s not our fault about the opioid crisis!”2020For Pain:		“The norco generic (acetaminophen with hydrocodone) 10-325 by Camber is horrible!!!!! Since Rite Aid switched over to this brand I will finish this months script and go to another pharmacy. I was taking the maker Mallinckrodt for years and it worked great. I've been getting very dry mouth with Camber pharm. This brand is very very weak!!! Garbage!!!!!”2020For Pain:		“I've been taken norco for 3 yrs. My last two prescriptions have been the imprint wes 303 the manufacturer
Wes Pharma Inc. and labelled under the Eywa Pharma Inc. brand. Never had any issues until I started taken these. I can't function, get out of bed and insomnia threw the roof. I never had this issue. I feel as if I am withdrawing all the time. I will be asking my dr to prescribe a different brand. It has been making me sick. Not sure if I am allergic to fillers or not. Please report if have same issue. I will return a message when get back on a different brand to report difference.  Btw, never had issues with m367 pills.”2020For Pain:		“I've been taken norco for 3 yrs. My last two prescriptions have been the wes 303 brand, (Eywa Pharma Inc.
Manufacturer: Wes Pharma Inc) Never had any issues until I started taken these. I can't function, get out of bed and insomnia threw the roof. I never had this issue. I feel as if I am withdrawing all the time. I will be asking my dr to prescribe a different brand. It has been making me sick. Not sure if I am allergic to fillers or not. Please report if have same issue. I will return a message when get back on a different brand to report difference.”2020For Pain:		“I have Neurofibromotosis and acetaminophen/hydrocodone doesn't work  pain from spinal tumors”2020For Back Pain:		“I've had 6 lower back procedures along with a neck disc replacement and a cage .  I was on the Par brand of  hydrocodone with acetominophen and took only one half of the  pill  and it would help  the pain. My doc changed me to the brand  Lupin India pharma of it and I need to take 4 of these Lupin and they still do nothing but cause more pain , withdrawals , nausea , I lived in the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA but I feel that after every pharmacy in my area only only carries India manufactured meds . This is seriously hurting us that are in ACTUAL pain . Why would our government allow these CVS , and every other big chain Corp to even stock this garbage knowing that these meds are 99 percent ineffective. Why should we should trust these US pharmacies that carry such garbage . This has become a disaster for me trying to function daily . We need a voice . America is known for freedom and freedom of speech , but what about Freedom from debilitating pain”2020