Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Generics not all alike.  Novel Suppliers at CVS and another Walmart poor relief from pain when generic with v and pink flecks were very effective.  Who is checking on the production of these to see that they are not just compressed baking powder. Pills being diverted in illegal markets delivered in large quantities where little demand and being sold illegally.  The active ingredient put in those and legally obtained most ineffective. Last two Rx and CVS and Walmart were ineffective taking a whole tablet when during day 1/2 was sufficient. Having to increase dose to get relief. Do not want to be forced to ask for higher dose if they are not legitimately made. Where is quality control??”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was given this after I had an IUD inserted which was incredibly painful and has continued to be and it didn’t do anything for the pain, didn’t even touch it. The pain actually felt worse after taking it which makes no sense. All it did was make me extremely tired and out of it. No effect on pain whatsoever”2017For Back Pain:		“I like Norco brand  better”2017For Pain:		“Cervical pinch nerve causing extreme aching/pain in my left arm.  5/325 of hydrocodone (2 every four hours) helped with the misery I was going through.  Made me very drowsy and constipated though.”2017For Pain:		“Not working for pain”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“This medicine does absolutely nothing to relieve pain.  I have a compression fracture in the 5th vertebra and standing or walking cause unbearable pain.  I was given this medicine in the ER and I might as well be taking sugar pills.  I filled the prescription at a well-known drugstore chain.  Are these fake pills?  If so, how did the drugstore get them?  I understand I am not the only one to have this experience.”2017For Pain:		“I take two to three 325mg-5mg tablets daily for chronic unexplained muscular/skeletal pain throughout my body. (5-years now) At this dose the pain is still present but somewhat tolerable. This is the help that I was looking for when I first started being treated by a pain management doctor. This low dose allows me to function in daily life without being too mentally "off" and I do not have any serious side effects. Other meds have been tried but had more side effects and did nothing for the pain.”2017For Pain:		“These pills are a joke! They don't work at all! How they can call these pain pills a pain medication. I'll never know!”2017For Back Pain:		“So an MRI showed I have arthritis in the spine, spinal stenosis and a bulging disk L5-S1 pushing against my spinal cord. Been having chronic back pain for many many years, and now I know why. Doctors put me on Norco 5-325 along with muscle relaxers and other meds. The hydrocodone does allow me to live a somewhat normal life now but I don't wanna be on these opioids forever but if it allows me to be pain free then so be it”2017For Pain:		“Works great!! I just had all my teeth pulled.Doesn't make me drowsy!! Just takes the pain away!!”2017For Back Pain:		“I have degenerative disc disease, bulging disc, and arthritis in my back and neck. And used Norco yellow pill, recently 2 months ago Kaiser changed Manufacture to Mallink and I am having horrible side effects and new unusual pain ( like I'm withdrawing or tapering off & I'm taking same dosage) I'm also extremely tired & fatigue, which I've never experienced. I was in denial it was the change of manufacture, but now I'm convinced it's the Mallink brand. Prior with the yellow pill my pain decreased significantly and able to work and do normal activities. Now I'm exhausted, in severe pain, and having stomach upset. Why is a change in manufacture causing this. Is something wrong with Mallink manufacture?”2017For Pain:		“The 10 mg generic Norco works for me for about an hour and a half. Since I had my gastric bypass surgery  , pain medication seems to not help my pain as well as they use to and most definitely, not near as long. I have only taken Norco, Percocet and oxycodone, which I found the oxycodone not only relieves my pain better, it seems to help the pain a bit longer than the others I have tried”2017For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Really helps but I can't afford the infusions and now the laws are really bad in Ohio.”2017For Back Pain:		“Takes some pain away so I can get around. I have a bulging disk and recently had foot surgery”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I've been taking Vicodin or something like it for years. First for migraine headache and occasional back pain. Total of maybe 30 pills a year. 

My most pressing need were bouts with cellulitis. If I were to describe the pain, think placing you leg in a bucket of scalding water up to the knee. I took it round the clock for a few weeks.
 
I now take it for chronic knee and hip pain. The dosage is 5 mg 3 times a day as needed. I rarely ever take 3 doses. Most days maybe 1 or 2 and if the pain is manageable, I don't use it at all. I'm averaging 60 pills every 4 months. 

The talk of addiction precludes me from taking it when I (or even my wife) feel I should. I've never felt high or drugged. The only side effect I see is less pain.”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this after wisdom removal. It makes me nauseous so I also take zofran which fixes that. It also makes me extremely tired but it takes most of the pain away. Not all of it, but it definitely helps me function a little better”2017For Back Pain:		“I've been dealing with chronic low back pain for about 3 years now due to 3 herniated discs and spinal stenosis. My doctor has me on Norco 10/325 along with other medications. Thanks to this medication I have a better quality of life and am able to continue working and going to school. The only down side to this medication is the brand differences. I've noticed some brands work better than others. For me the White Watson 853 are complete junk. The brand I feel that works best is Mallinckrodt M367 (which is the same brand the hospital uses) or the Yellow 3601 V pills.”2017For Pain:		“It does the job of pacifying my gout and arthritis pain well. It does however come with the traditional side effects; you build up a tolerance, it can make it hard to focus, it will make you sleepy, and once you come off it you will likely have withdrawal for 3-5 days and it will cost you sleep.”2017For Pain:		“This was a very effective medicine for chronic pain / nerve damage and peripheral neuropathy. Kaiser has now chosen to use M367's; which have a binder on it that is not soluable in the intestinal tract and causes stomach upset and NO effect of the supposed narcotic contained. The binder prevents absorption, which in effect means, you are spending money on poop. Shame on Kaiser for punishing those who do not abuse the real Vicodins / Norco 10/325' and shame on the Fed's who lump ALL people who take vicodin into an abuser category.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I started having mild ankle pain about two years ago that increased to severe pain now.  Doctor's still can't figure out what's wrong with me or what is causing the pain.  Is it my back or my actual ankle?  I have been put on many pain medications which haven't worked till now.  I am currently taking Norco 7.5 along with Gabapentin 300 mg 3 times a day and I am able to function.  At first, I was scared because I didn't want to become addicted but, when you can't function at all due to the severe pain, you put all those fears aside and you go for it.  At first you do feel a little high with the med but, your body become adjusted to it and you begin to feel normal and with less, LESS pain.  Take your meds as directed & follow up with your MD.”2017For Pain:		“Terrible choice! Was prescribed this after wisdom teeth removal surgery and had the most unpleasant side effect experience after taking only 1 pill. It did manage to stop the pain to be fair but it gave me 4 hours' nausea, dizziness, and vomiting. Had I known I would experience such severe side effect I would rather just deal with the pain.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“They relieve my lower back pain and allow me to walk and sleep, couldn't do either without them! I use 3 daily 7.25-325 mg. My doctor transferred to a hospital and my new Chinese doctor told me he is deathly afraid of arrest by the DEA for writing narcotic Rx's scripts, he no longer writes any, but sends all, including me to a "Pain Clinic" that costs me $40.00 a visit for a specialist co-pay to pick up a script, a $480 year waste! 
Other doctors quit writing scripts because of increased pressure from the law and DEA agents also. How unfair is that to seniors? And who cares?”2017For Back Pain:		“I have taken 10/325 Norco for severe neck and spine injuries for over seven years. 
FIRST, it was the Yellow oblong pill. Next, it was the White oblong pill. NOW, it's Oval. 
I have experienced WAY more pain than usual since starting this almost a month ago. 
 I have Headaches, my ears are Ringing, I am nauseous. 
I looked that pill up online, and saw it was a Hydrocodone 5/500, NOT a 10/325. 
Can they DO That, legally?
I realize there's a drug epidemic, but some of us DO need the medication. 
Surgery is NOT an option for me.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Delays male orgasm significantly almost to the point of not being able to finish.”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Taken for severe pain due to chest wall bruising resulting from a bicycle accident.”2017For Pain:		“Taken as prescribed this with other prescription & over the counter meds  allow me to function as well as I'll ever be able to. All pain is not removed but is lowered to point that I'm able to buck up do most of what is necessary. 
  I have been on some type prescribed opioid almost 20 years , liver function is checked regularly, as well as for any other signs of abuse, and there has been no problems. 
   I take for pain from 4 low back surgeries, that resulted in rsd,   'failed back surgery syndrome'.
  Taken as meant to be there should only be a lowering of pain, I've never experienced a 'high' from taking my pain meds.”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I got this after I had my wisdom tooth extracted. I was still in pain after taking it. It didn't do much.”2017For Pain:		“This particular pill seems much more effective. It eases the pain faster and seems as if it lasts a bit longer than others.”2017For Cough:		“I had a bad cold with sore throat and annoying cough. I was waking up coughing and miserable. After taking Norco 5 mg with acetaminophen 325 mg. I no longer had the sore throat or the cough. I could rest comfortably. I continued to take the Norco until I felt better. The Norco made a huge difference. I do not see why anyone needs to suffer when there is a solution for a short term issue.”2017For Back Pain:		“The m-series or Walmart brand are just not good for pain management. Please bring back lorcet and lortab”2017For Pain:		“This medication works wonders with no side effects for me, takes away pain and may seem to give a bit of energy probably due to not being in pain, anyone who blames their heroin addiction on pain meds are just full of it. It's their choice whether they want to do that or not, I've been on norco on and off for years and if anyone offered me 100 million to try heroin I would never do it because look where you end up ( dead most of the time ) If you take hydrocodone as prescribed you will be fine and just ease your way off on your last ones and break them in half. Why they would want to even think about getting rid of a medicine that actually helps is beyond me. I put up with severe pain because of doctors today cause of the addicts, It's sad.”2017For Pain:		“I'm trying to figure what variations between brands!! Just started this particular brand! Gotta compare it but, seems to be doing the job ok!! Seems no doc in New Jersey will give enough to live like a human being!!! Very cruel to start someone on this and then give only two a day!! They only last 4 or 5 hours and your body is screaming through the evening and morning until you can take your next pill!!! One hell of a way to live!!! Need to go to a state that offers proper treatment!!! With rheumatoid arthritis, back, hip, shoulder and neck injury, as well as sjogrens and fibromyalgia!###!!! I suffer like a junk yard dog to core of being!!!#! Merciless !#!!!! :(  I have skin problem on back as well!!! You can only hope it happens to them!#!”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I take Norco for my kidney and back pain caused by a festering UTI that was getting worse. I am so happy to be on this pill Norco. The emergency department put me on it last night as well as Zofran for nausea caused by the antibiotic. The Norco causes mild stomach pain but for me takes a full 1 to 2 hours to kick in. I can actually sleep without my kidneys killing me! So happy to be on it. It is a life saver.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Worked well to reduce pain from Mastoiditis. Slight nausea.”2017For Pain:		“I compound fractured my tib/fib (lower leg) and was in unbearable pain I had to get an emergency surgery to get 3 surgical steel rods put in my leg. I went home 2 weeks later from heavy morphine usage at the hospital my doctor prescribed me with norco and it works very well I feel absolutely no pain what so ever all though I do feel tired and happy whilst on the pain killer it works out amazingly for my situation.”2017For Pain:		“There is some filler in this medication that I am allergic to. The medication itself is not that effective. This company and North Star Pharma use the same filler that I am allergic to. My face, tongue, eyes, throat, ear drums, hands and feet swell so badly it renders the drug useless. I am taking the findings to an allergist and from hence forth will have to screen every drug I take. 
Thanks for that,
Sincerely,
Swollen”2017For Back Pain:		“I have a ruptured disc in the c5-c6 section of my spine. The symptoms of this injury are sometimes debilitating. I found taking norco 5-325 for break-thru pain to be very helpful. I use this medication for mainly bedtime.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I broke my femur at the top and had surgery to put in a plate and pins.  The pain is almost intolerable. At first I was given oxy, but did not tolerate it well. The Dr. switched me to Norco and I am alert, awake and best of all out of pain.  I get an upset stomach occasionally, but the Dr. has given me a prescription that controls that.”2017For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Awful. Severe headache every time I take it. This drug literally induces a cluster headache for me, ugh ”2017For Back Pain:		“I take 5/325 for lower back pain caused by Degenerative Disk Disease. The Hydrocodone/Acetaminophen mix works wonderful but I find that the pain relief only lasts an hour or two before it begins to come back with a vengeance. It's great to have around for quick pain relief, it is not addictive despite what a lot of doctor's say. I take two a day to control my lower back pain and I've never had a problem stopping immediately for any reason. I also take Tramadol 50 mg to help relax the muscles but the Tramadol makes me really groggy where the Hydrocodone does not. The hydrocodone does cause me to be up at night but I am able to manage that and it is worth the pain relief. Highly recommend. Hard to get however, doctors don't like prescribing.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I'm a 54 yo woman with chronic back leg and arm pain due to degenerative disc disease. My whole lumbar is fused.  3 herniated discs in the thoracic  and 5 now in the cervical that need repair. I rely on Norco just to be able to get out of bed sometimes and to do chores like cut the grass. One of the best I've taken, Only thing I've noticed is I don't sleep when I take it. I just rest. I'm now lost as the laws are changing and my surgeon cannot give me scripts due to being post surgical a year. Family Dr doesn't issue narcotics at all, so I ended up at a high priced pain clinic that will only prescribe 5/325 2x a day! 
what a joke....... those of us that need it can't get it .”2017For Pain:		“Have a rib contusion and a fractured rib. Nausea and slow thinking result from this drug combination. Pain is intense -- worst ever, no relief ”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“Worked great for pain, but beware of tolerance. Taking four to six hours or longer seems impossible at times but it will give you the most relief. I have been taking four daily of yellow 3601 ( best generic norco from HEB if you ask me they are extended release as oppose to the rubbish white ones you find elsewhere) and I don't seem to get as much relief now days, one 10 mg will last approx two hours. Hard to get your doctor to understand but I am thankful for having something to help. Works great with two methocarbamol 750 or gabapentin. Have tried many prescriptions for  my three herniated discs, sciatica, arthritis/ pelvis pain and these three have given me the best relief.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“This medication has gave me my quality of life back. I have fibromyalgia and was diagnosed at 23yrs old. I started out with 5/325mg 3x a day and 4 yrs later am on 10/325 mg 4x a day. Be careful because this medication is habit forming but in combo with gabapentin and cymbalta, it works for me. By the way, I read someones comment about lortab being the same as Norco, and they are not identical. The difference is the mg of  (tylenol). Hope this was helpful.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I am a recovering opiate addict (2 yrs 4 mos). The dentist prescribed Norco 5/325 after a terrible root canal. It scared me. The thought of relapse is something that I've fought hard to avoid. So my husband filled the script, we said a prayer and he was in charge of dosing and hiding the pills. 

It worked. No traditional opioid high or weird effects. Just pain relief. I have noticed a bit of a rash on my chest and arms, but it doesn't itch and isn't raised. 

I can't say that you should take this if you have a history of addiction. You'll have to decide what kind of place you are in and if you have someone to monitor your pills. I can only speak for my experience. Best of luck everyone.”2017Vicodin (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Patient has been taking this for ongoing pain conditions and Dr. Is requiring a change in pain medicine to non narcotic. Approach of behavioral modification including physical therapy along with counselling has been recommended at this time.”2017For Pain:		“I have Psoriasis/psoriatic Arthritis with back surgery and implants. Percocet combined with several other drugs to form I guess a narcotic cocktail has given me several years of life I otherwise would not have had what less be able to enjoy. 

I do have some side effects but they are manageable and worth dealing with. My worse side effects are the drugs have caused my stool to become dry and hard to pass however with the addition of Miralax that problem has been completely resolved there are others but nothing that would make me even consider stopping or even reducing the meds.

My personal opinion is take them responsibly don't change doctors or pharmacies take them exactly as directed even if you dont think you need one at that time don't stop therapeutic dosages as I have learned this lesson the hard way.”2017For Back Pain:		“Works good! But why are some peach colored and some white?”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I have Endometriosis and chronic pelvic pain. This drug has given me my life back it works well for me and still allows me to function and care for my family. I was prescribed 10/325 three times a day and it does the trick. Soon I will see a pain management doctor and I'm not sure what he'll prescribe but we shall see.”2017For Pain:		“In my travels, I keep a couple of combo acetymenophin/codeine derivative pills available, in the case of either diarrhea or sleepnessness.

I  use it very sparingly and never combine it with alcoholic drinks.

Quite satisfactory--worth toting around.  

Long shelf life, apparently.”2017For Pain:		“The new round 5/325 U01 hydrocodone pills by Aurolife Pharma is different. I don't know what they added or subtracted, but I have been on 10mg for 10+yrs and I got these today; I have never been so drugged up in my life. I slept for 6 hrs during the day. I believe this may be their way of combating drug abusers, but they forget not everyone is a abuser. I get my medicine from a pain clinic.Be careful if you take these.”2017For Pain:		“I broke them in half and they relieved my pain very effectively. No adverse effects.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Doesn't do anything.  No nausea, drowsiness or relief.  Used to take Vicodin worked much better.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Norco 5/325 to manage post-operative pain from a tooth extraction.

The first time I took it, I took one pill  became really nauseous and didn't feel any pain relief.

The second time I took 2 pills. I didn't develop nausea, which was good, but I also didn't experience any pain relief or drowsiness. It was like I hadn't taken anything at all.”2017For Back Pain:		“After more than 5 years of taking 5/325s I have just 'graduated' to 7.5/325s.  I have spinal stenosis that can at times be tremendously painful.  I have horses to feed twice and day and the same for the horses.  With the 7.5s I can do the chores outside and come back in and help the wife do chores in the house.  It's not a 'cure all'  If I push too hard it still hurts, but it does usually take enough of the edge off to let me do what I have to do, and most of the time enjoy it.  I'm 69 diabetic and not really worried about addiction.

I was told by a surgeon that recovery time would be nearly a year with the first month spent cursing his name, again, 69 year old diabetic.”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Back Pain:		“I used to be on Norco 10,for a long time they were fine I never had a problem with them no side effects at all, recently dr. Changed me to Norco 7.5, and they're terrible even though the pharmacist the doctor say they are the same ingredients ( except that 7.5 has less )they are very different 7.5are horrible they make my eyelids swell up and I can hardly see out of one eye then make me feel very sick and Ill and I also have very bad stomach pain and pain in my chest also this is horrible do not like 7.5 at all might as well not take anything Norco 7.5 are very very horrible there definitely is something in Norco 7.5 that is not in the Norco 10 so why are they hiding it from us seems like they're trying to kill.me”2017For Pain:		“I broke my upper arm and was given 5-325 for pain.  It was very effective with no noticeable side effects.  I slept really well, too, even in the sling.”2017For Pain:		“This medication was given to me for complete knee replacementpain.  It gave me no relief from the pain, so little relief I can't even say, my therapy session would put me through the roof whether I took this med 15 mins. before or 1 hour before .  It's been a horrendous experience and I will never go thru this again, even though I need a 2nd one done. I had in home therapy and the pain was horrendous all the time, these are more like sugar pills and the drs. won't give stronger because they think you'll get addicted.”2017For Back Pain:		“Was started on Hydrocodone/Acetaminophen 5-325 a couple weeks ago for chronic lower back pain. The first few days it worked on, about a 40% reduction in pain. After those few days the pain relief started going down. I was prescribed to take 2 pills at night as I was waking up constantly in pain. Now when I take them I get maybe a 10-15% reduction in pain. Not working well at all. It's a shame, I was looking forward to some consistent pain relief.”2017For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have been taking the Watson brand for over ten years and it helped me tremendously with my RA pain. Now I am having to resort to this pill bc NO PHARMACY will order the Watson brand! Why is this? Does any one know bc this pill does not touch the pain like the Watson brand. I hope I am not the only one that thinks this pill doesn't work as well... Is it the chemical make-up bc I was told generic is just the same... To me it's not! One pharmacy does carry the Watson brand but does not take my insurance so I have to pay full price! In my opinion this is why we have these pills being sold on the streets bc people who actually needs them cannot get them in pharmacies! Any one have an opinion on this?”2017Norco (acetaminophen / hydrocodone) for Pain:		“Works better than 5MG Oxycodone.  I do not feel that the 5/325 Norco works at all but the 10/325 does help. Some people can & will get an upset stomach when taking it. All you have to do is ask for some nausea medication to go with it. I think it is a bit rediculous that it is so hard to get, especially when you ARE in extreme pain. I honestly feel that it helps with my fibromyalgia pain as well, not fully but it does help.”2017For Pain:		“This was given to me after a very invasive surgery to help with pain. It was a very scary surgery. I found the med totally ineffective in helping w/my pain.”2017For Back Pain:		“I have had sciatica nerve pain for over a year. The depart of labor has not been very coperative with my doctors. My sciatic nerve pain as well as lower back pain has gotten worse month by month, this is due to a fall at work, the 5-325 only seems to work when used with muscle relaxers as well as pain medication for anti-inflammation/pain. I wake up daily with pain, after taking the pain meds I can function thoughout the day. But taking 5-325  by itself does nothing to control the pain. I have to take all three at once twice a day. When I'm  physically active (doing dishes, sweeping, or preparing food), my pain increases 3x for the next 2 days. I have to take all 3 meds at least 3 times a day. Plz dept of labor approve the surgery. Thx”2017