Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Dazidox for a month, and it is awful it. I've been on various brands of 20mg Oxycodone for many years now with no serious issues, but sometimes when the pharmacy changes brands it does take me an average of 3 weeks to adjust to the different ingredients (fillers, etc) that EVERYONE in the medical/pharma industry tells me are 100% the same, regardless of generic, name brand, fillers, inert ingredients, et al. Why bother with such a lie? We all know that those "inert ingredients" quite often wreaks havoc with allergies, cause drug interactions, extreme sedation and other uncomfortable side effects. I've been miserable all month long with ZERO pain relief, worse joint pain, difficulty catching my breath, and when I tried to cut back to 1/2 tab to see if the dose was too strong, I felt thrust into immediate withdrawal! I feel brain dead on it, and SO utterly exhausted that I have quite often just sat down and cried for lack of energy. This one is the worse Daze-uh-dox.”2021For Pain:		“I have been taking 3 Oxycodone (10) pills a day for 5 years because of severe mid-back pain due to compression fractures. Thanks to my wonderful doctor who treats me with respect I am able to function. I had tried the alternatives, but there is no comparison as to the results.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes oxycodone is the only brand any pharmacy in town carries. They're very inconsistent, but this month they take hours to take effect. This is new. Usually they are bad but at least they kick in. It takes about 2.5 hours for half a pill to work. Anyone else have this problem?”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone is a very safe and effective pain reliever when taken for chronic pain that cannot be relieved any other way. Most of the problems I have had with the medication is the stigma other people perceive. 
The other problem is that you cannot run out, even missing one dose can cause problems. 
Long term use can lead to physical dependence which is the main side effect of all narcotic medications. This affects everyone on this medication, and no one is immune from dependence. 
If you choose this medication to treat your constant or chronic pain, be sure that you have a good relationship with your medical provider.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“oxycodone 10/325 work fine for many years, pain down to pain level 3. Stopped working 2 years ago. Last month started 15 mg oxycodone small help with pain but makes me jumpy. Totally unacceptable.  Feels like oxycontin did years ago. I refused to use that drug. I have reduced my dose successfully repeatedly thru the years. My chronic pain started Jan, 1981.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was on oxaydo 5 ml 4 x day.  I was undertreated but was afraid to complain. It barely touched my pain.  I WAS PUT ON XTAMPZA ER 9 mg every 12 hrs.  What a joke!   Its worse than oxaydo!  They told me that oxaydo was no longer available.  Now I suffer waiting for my next appt.  Will the doctor switch me to something that will work. Xtampza needs great improvement.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I started Xtampza a week ago. I have chronic pain in general but usually stays in my upper back to lower.  After just 4 days my knees are swollen. I can’t bend my right knee. I have zero additional pain relief as I am on oxycodone IR. This medication is extremely expensive-$1200/60 36mg caps. But luckily my insurance covered 100 percent. Because after reading reviews... I will not take these anymore. I’m calling my pain management physician tomorrow and requesting oxycodone 40 mg bid. My insurance won’t cover but with good rx it’s $250 a month for generic. Definitely worth the money because it works!   This Stampza needs to be off the market!  And the big hoorah is that it’s tamper proof?? So is Oxy ER?... so really??... cmon.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This brand is the worst . It is hard as a rock, will cause gastro. Issues and is no better than tylenol. I am going to take it and have it tested to see how much , if any oxycodone is in them.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Yes I've noticed the quality of pain meds has drastically declined along with the duration. Even while taking the same brand. Now only brand is Rhodes, size of a 800mg Ibuprofen and didn't touch my pain and it made brake out in rash. All pharmacies are saying it's the only brand they can get. I've been on pain meds for many years due to surgical errors and permanent complications because of them. PHARMACY was also not allowing me to pickup my med on the refill day and made me call day after it ran out and wait until they filled it. Up to 16 hours without. Blaming everyone but insurance and doctor is saying differently. I have left CVS  because of it. I've written our states representatives and medical board and insurances and they just say nothing they can do. I'm on my own, oh and have a good day. I have a life in bed and everyone has abandoned me because I can't get out of bed. Even with 37 years of marriage it's taking a big toll and the professionals don't care, blacklist you.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I've been avoiding asking for a medication change for 3 years knowing what a nightmare (we legit sufferers) go through! It's worse than ever! Especially if you have Kaiser! What a greedy, uncaring pharmacy! 
I too, have been going through withdrawal since I changed from 4mg dilauded 4 x's daily to 10/325 percocet (supposedly). It's equivalent to plain old Tylenol! I'm miserable! I will be changing health insurance. Anyway,  for at least 10 years this Kaiser pharmacy KNOWS that I don't tolerate mallincrodt (crap) as it instantly gives me a migraine! To date I have yet to get anything but! The time has come. I'm fighting back!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“The only ones that give pain relief is hydrocodone or oxycodone are the ones with 300 acetaminophen.
After 6 months of crying my pharmacist finally told me that he could order the 300 and what a difference !”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was just forced to this Xtampza after having been on Oxycontin ER 40 mg x 3 a day for over 10 Years. I never had any issues with Purdue pharmaceuticals Oxycontin. This Xtampza is a joke. Dr. is force tapering & switched me to 36 Mg Xtampza ER 2 x A day. My dose was lowered by 40 mg a Day in one go. I'm experiencing horrific withdrawals and this medication is NOT working at all. Twice a day is not enough. The bioavailability is all over the board and way to inconsistent depending on high fat food. This medication should be pulled off the market. Does NOT last anywhere near a 12 hour period. The "Studies" showing it does are a damn LIE. It's all about the addicts now. Guess what? Those addicts will keep using & move on. However, Chronic Pain Patients are being force tapered, thrown to the streets and left to find for themselves. Many are paying for this with their lives. Something needs to change here. WE NEED TO GET LOUDER OR NOTHING WILL CHANGE THIS SUFFERING.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone 5mg from Rhodes Pharmaceuticals does not work at all. When I am in the hospital, I am given a different Oxycodone pill with 503 on it and it does work so I know it is not a dosage problem. I also have been on Oxycodone for about 10 years and have never had this problem before.”2021OxyIR (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Suffering with severe pain due to nerve damage in the brain stem and spine. Oxycodone has made such a huge impact in my quality of life. Drug abusers have given narcotics a bad rep and made it difficult for people in real need of this medication. I take methadone once daily for long acting relief cuz morphine made me too sick. For breakthrough pain I use immediate release oxycodone, 20mg every 4 hrs as needed. Valium 10 mg 3 times daily and lyrica 200mg 3 times daily. It sounds like a lot, and it is, but it's the regimen most helpful and took years of trial and error. I'm now able to function and have less days "trapped" in bed.”2021For Pain:		“This medication almost took my life & everyone that I love dearly! I haven’t touched it in over a decade & I have no desire to ever go back to the dark side of life where this  walks around claiming good people’s lives.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Feels like in June all generic became side effect riddled (suicidal thoughts, confusion, dizzy, headaches, sick, diarrhea, stomach probs, etc) w/ wild effectiveness waves. No clue what to even do. So tired, beaten down. Govt says watch out for patients mention “how they feel” bc it’s sign of drug seeking, yet never actually gained a pill from any of this bc didn’t want to put my Doctor’s career in jeopardy or lose human right to choose how to deal with my diseases for rest of life by replacing. What kinda system tells someone who suffers this much 2 take tainted pills for 6 months w/o recourse, help, info? We can’t simply stop taking them like most meds. SCHEDULE II Drugs are powerful, so the probs/side effects from tainted pills = emergency! More powerful drug = worse probs from quality issues. Plz do right thing FDA & Media!!”2021For Pain:		“I was given oxycodone after a hysterectomy, @ 66 y.o. while in the hospital. It slightly took the edge off my pain level. After 3 days I developed involuntary jerking . I stopped taking it immediately. The jerking gradually stopped, but took about a week. I also had trouble sleeping. I will not take that again.”2021For Pain:		“Rhodes Oxycodone  is worse than nothing!!  At first I thought it was a reaction to something else I was taking. But now I see others with the same complaints!  This stuff is crap! I feel tired, groggy, lethargic and still in pain.  I was on KVK tech doing fine!  NOW CVS, Costco, Community pharm in Texas using this Rhodes garbage. My life is ruined!!”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Xtampza ER does not work compared to oxycontin. It cost three times more and does not affect the pain at all. Why did my doctor switch me to this drug?”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Well I've been on this about a year now after being on 15mg oxycontin for 2 years. I finally felt like my pain was being controlled and was able to do more for myself. When my Medicare stopped covering it and was put on 13.5mg Xtampza. Since then my pain is not controlled and now I have unexplained stomach attacks that have been getting worse and more often. And last week they cut me back half on my 5mg break thru pills from 2 a day to 1 a day. I feel trapped in a broken painful body that will never go away. I am now struggling to even cook dinners for my kids now. No one is protecting chronic pain sufferers from opioid abusers.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“rhodes pharmaceuticals generic oxycodone hyydrochloride is hit or miss.....one month you might get a good prescription the next month you might get " duds " .....they make me extremely sick and lethargic.  I have diarrhea type bowel movements , zero pain relief.  I've filed a report at the FDA med watch.   It is a shame the sick , the real sick (not toenail pain patients) have to suffer .”2021For Pain:		“Chronic pain due to myelomalacia spinal cord damage, 11 fusions caused by decades of hyperparathyroidism errant bone metabolism that creates soft vertebral bone, abets degeneration via multiple levels of stenosis & spondylolisthesis & which has nearly finished me several times in 2 decades. This drug makes being alive tolerable.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes, chamber, amneal brans of oxycodone suck. These meds have gone down hill ! I have done everything I can do with FDA med watch, pharmacy, doc, it sucks I guess I going to try something else that I can afford!”2021OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My father was on this drug along with many other prescribed from the GP. 
My dad had chronic back pain from scar tissue from a back operation when I was a young child in the 70s .
My dad had been on this for 22-26yrs to my knowledge . My dad was hooked on these to survive daily life. Eventually dad got liver damage that is normally due to drink ( alcohol ) my dad didn’t drink & it was medication related. It went to the next stage & he got varices then liver cancer . Dad was lucky to be able to go on a waiting list for another liver. After 4 attempts rushing to be let down yet again .. this time dad was successful . Dad never properly recovered from his liver transplant & was left with herna x 3! 
Dad went on more meds including his previous meds and same thing again the new liver got damaged . Almost 5 years next month dad had his transplant & 3 months ago my dad died. He died from bleeding to death before us from two clots in his liver & his varices bleeding uncontrollably”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Normally it would be affective but the generic RHODES brand Walgreens has been torturing people with is HORRIBLE. 
And what happens is we try to dispute its efficacy? We get labeled as seeking a stronger medicine. I have been in agony the last two months because Walgreens has been prejudiced against people who need pain meds and their need to appear they are not over dispensing. They have been OUT OF 10mg thus have been late getting orders filled or having us have to cancel our prescription get a doctor authorization again so we can fill it at another pharmacy DURING COVID when they are busy when it can take 72 hours. Then another Walgreens will be out or finally only have that generic Rhodes. Awful medicine awful treatment :(”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes Pharmacy 5mg oxycodone has saved my life.  Oxys from other companies like KVK made me feel depressed, high and sick to my stomach but gave me pain relief still. And one day my pharmacy supplied Rhodes P. for the first time and bingo!  I fell for it ever since.  In my case Rhodes P. components cope perfectly with my body and feel practically normal and almost pain free with 2 to 3 x 5mg per day.  A piece of advise, be active and try to exercise as much as you can and don't rely on this med to solve your physical problems and remember, always be positive!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Looks like I had too take a look at reviews and share my experience with the prescription of Rhodes 10mg 120 count oxycodone I received last month. I am 100% disabled, have had over 12 surgeries for all knees and shoulders including 2 total replacements. Degeneration of spine and herniated disk. Sarcoma survivor and several comorbidities. Pain medication over 15 years. Usually all I have received has been the KVK Tech brand. CVS handed me this Rhodes brand. From the first dose it was off, I felt light dizziness, nausea and hot flashes. Didn't notice pain relief. Like others I'm sure don't want to call up and rocking the boat  with the prescribers and chemist since the monthly process is so painful. I did call CVS today inquiring about my doctor specifically prescribing a generic brand name after this last month fiasco of torture. His response was its whatever CVS purchases at the time and cannot guarantee a request. Don't understand why if a doctor specifically writes as prescribed they can't just order it.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This brand makes me itchy all day long compared to oxycododone 10mg orange round brand tiny little pill, which is white and bigger”2021OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was on oxycodone, followed by oxycontin for 10 years , ending in 2018. I experienced severe claustrophobia. After getting off of Oxycontin (40mg x 4 per day) the claustrophobia disappeared. Most reported side effects do not include claustrophobia,  so I did not immediately make the connection. I used red Bali kratom 1mg capsules 6 times daily to reduce withdrawal symptoms. I eliminated Oxycontin first,  then the Fentanyl patch and finally the .5mg Methadone tablets over a 6 month period.  I would not suggest this drug to anyone other than a terminally ill patient. It robs you of your free will, your creativity and logic.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This pill does not work I was taken off a IR 10 mg oxy that took my back pain away. I read 1 commentator on here saying they don't work and causes back painand  anger issues etc, yep I agree the man described this oxy pill by Rhodes, perfectly.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“As with others on here oxy was a life saver for me. After a failed spinal fusion and years of PT I was finally put on a dose of 30 mg daily. It helped greatly maintain my life. Then something happened that one day my pain level went through the roof no injury nothing obvious and I've been barely able to walk since. I'm wondering if there was a change in medication strength after reading these horror stories on here. Recently I changed drs and pharmacy and received the Rhodes brand and noticed it had zero affect on my pain. Something seems to be going on that needs investigated because if we keep needing more and more meds to get relief (not from tolerance buildup) then it makes us look bad when we already have a hard enough time with finding compassionate drs. Who understand our constant pain. I will definitely say that pain meds have a place for people like us but stuff like this is making it harder to defend.”2021OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Myself I am caught in the conflict of after been prescribed Oxycontin for years  like many others now told again for the 3rd time I got to be taken off the medicine like I should have never been given it to start with. My opinion is yes this medicine dose give me a quality of life yet being told by a doctor who I am to trust my life to that its wrong to been given this medicine leaves me questioning  what my life would be today had I never been prescribed it as somewhat suggested or if this medical choice is 100% political influenced cause if so, can I really trust a doctor that makes choices on my health or quality of life based on a political agenda ? That sure is a scary thought  .”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes make, in my opinion, the least efficacious opioid generics on the market. The 20mg oxycodone IR looked like a huge prop pill from a vaudeville sketch!! There is no reason for a pill to be this large, save for the need to cram as much filler in the tablet as possible. My usual pharmacist was not there and the newbie guy did not notice the instruction "This patient must have KVK brand.
I made the mistake (which will never happen again, I assure you!) of not checking that all meds were KVK (and I haven't noticed a drop in efficacy in KVK...Mallinkrodt is up in the air for me, it's subtle; like the pill when you cut it in half is crumbly...bad sign). So, I was stuck with these Rhodes 20mg. which were, no exaggeration, nearly twice the size of a KVK Tech. 20 milligram!
Rule of thumb (of course there are exceptions), if you have a 20mg. or 30mg. oxycodone, if the size between the two is negligible, and the outside coating is somewhat glossy, that is usually a quality product.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have a birth defect that limits mobility in the achilles’ tendon and I’ve been on oxycodone since I turned 18 due to my doctors being limited with opiates as a minor. Over the years I have changed doses and brands that manufacture them, and I’ve noticed that’s the most important part when taking this medication is getting the right brand. I really can’t stress this enough, some brands are absolutely terrible and should be investigated or the very least sued. Comparing Rhodes Pharma  to KVK tech - the KVK tech is by far the best brand for oxycodone hydrochloride. The Rhodes Pharma formula for this medication is horrible, extremely inefficient, I had to take triple my dose to get any relief and got weird side effects like long lasting headaches. I would rate KVK tech 10/10 for effective but in order to achieve that I need to combine this medication with Gabapentin.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I take this for severe DDD/DJD  in neck and lumbar. My pharmacy recently switched brands of Oxycodone so   I'm now taking the Rhodes's brand, IT DOES NOT WORK! I thought it was just me but clearly it's the medicine itself, I am lucky if i get an hours worth of relief from it. Our good ole government don't give a damn about the millions of us that have to live in pain 24/7.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This brand does not touch my pain. I’m very disappointed. I think this is a company that’s trying to get rich at our expense. They don’t care about our pain, because if they did, they would make a better product. They are cutting cost for themselves. Our pain is nothing to play with. Put a better more effective product or go out of business. I got a headache from this brand now I have to wait until the next business day to see if I can go to a different pharmacy to get another brand.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Even after trigger points I have horrible pain. I keep myself on a low dose, however I am used 2 getting 1 brand & this month my pharmacist had and to give me half of another brand. Horrible !! It is not about your tolerance it is about quality of our medication. Some genetics are ok ,some are awful . I would rather have quality instead of quantity”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“It just does not do anything at all for me.  Yet it's the only extended med my insurance will cover.  Frustrating.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This Rhodes company makes the worst generic oxycodone EVER!  I don't understand how a different company has a more effective medication, no side effects. While Rhodes does not seem to help my pain linger than 2 hours, it causes me nausea, headaches, jaw aches, it's horrific! If you have a choice, choose anything but this company.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was switched from 40 mg oxycontin very suddenly w/o warning after being on oxcontin since 2009. The first couple weeks it took 3 hours to get relief, & at hour 5 became extremely tired & pain comes back. Now 5 months later, it takes a full 5 hrs for 80% relief of pain. And still at hr 3/4 I get extremely tired, and have to wait till it starts working. I NEVER sleep through the night anymore, as its usually worn off after 7 hrs, 8 hrs max, & then I'm almost useless. It is the worst pain reliever I've had outside of morphine. Instant oxycodone works best so I don't have waves constantly. The oxycontin also worked better, but w/o anything for breakthrough pain, I have no life anymore, or social life. I cannot go on any long drives or trips, & avoid all events in the evening, & early morning. My days are all timed. I was sick for about 4 days after the switch & my Dr stated I wouldn't notice any difference. I have a bad tear in C4 caused by a forced procedure, metal neck, 2 torn knees.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Worthless for pain relief. Doesn't matter how many you take. Ran out of immediate release oxycodone before the weekend because my pain management doctor quit and the new doctor couldn't get all of the patients taken care of.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I’ve been taking Oxycodone for 11 years on and off because of a back injury from being hit by a car. I usually get kvk Tech pill is pink and says “k56” my pharmacy changed my prescription today to rhoades and I immediately did my research and saw so many bad reviews on how it doesn’t work so I got worried. I don’t know if all the complaints from everyone worked but this is helping me just like if not better than the kvk tech manufacturers. I give it a 10 out of 10 review. No complaints here.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Kvk Tech brand is garbage! Im a veteran that's taken pain meds for 5 years for chronic pain. Never had a problem with the 3 or so times I've been switched to other brands. I'm now sick all the time with no pain relief. I can't wait for the law suits to begin for the scumbags that are ruining peoples lives with this fake medicine!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“It has been very helpful for pain and without I am unable to function and do daily chores. Now you can't get it and there are back orders on oxycodone. Why aren't the manufacture putting  out this medication.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“In the recent past oxycodone worked fine,VA switched to Rhodes brand for their vets and now it gives me very little relief with side effects of headaches, nausea, clogged head, earaches(headaches).  This is terrible compared to previous meds”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Unless you can wake up and eat a high fat/high calorie meal this drug sucks. You cannot get it to release all of the drug without it. Read ALL of the documentation. 

Otherwise you only get about 40% of the meds. I would tell anyone who has been prescribed this go back and ask for morphine sulfate(generic OxyContin). It is a LOT cheaper and much more effective.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I take oxycodone for breakthrough pain. Last night, the pharmacy gave me oxycodone made by a different manufacturer - Rhodes. I took it and then had symptoms of withdrawal! Is there even ANY oxycodone in this pill?! Now, I have a month supply of a narcotic medication that doesn't work! I am NOT going to suffer through withdrawal symptoms for the next month just because this pill SAYS it is oxycodone, but it actually doesn't do anything at all for pain! This drug should be taken off the market! Who tested this medicine  and decided that it was suitable?! My advice is this: if a pharmacy tries to give you oxycodone made my the manufacturer, Rhodes, do NOT take it. Tell them that you are allergic to it and that you need a different brand. I am giving a rating of 1 but this rating is for the RHODES brand of the drug and not the drug itself.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was reading these comments today because my wife is on this medicine and it is disheartening to see how many people are suffering these days because of the “war on drugs “. It has helped her for years. She was in a horrible car accident that nearly killed her, destroyed her knee, most of her spine and they had to fuse her ankle. It also killed her mother. Our insurance also tried to make her change to a different medicine, but I showed stopped them !  After a lot of being shuffled around from operator to adjuster ( literally about 8 hours), I finally got to someone that knew what they were doing. They were sympathetic because they also had a family member who had a lot of chronic pain. They sent a form to her (letter of medical necessity), the doctor filled it out and for now, the insurance company is paying for this life-saving medicine. without this medicine, her quality of life is near zero because of the pain.  God bless all of you who are suffering here.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Take two 13.5 mg sprinkled on high fat meal (15 grams for fat or more). Half hour later you'll feel something. Otherwise its worthless”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Knee damage waiting on replacement surgery.  Due to pandemic knee surgery has been postponed for almost a year... I need to keep working at my job to support my family.  I was on a regiment of Percocet 7.5 mg three times a day... I timed them out perfectly for pain relief while at my job and while at home getting work done...... The pain center replaced that regiment with Xtampza 13.5 twice a day.  Explained nothing to me about taking with a special diet.  They do not offer comparable pain relief as the Percocet did.. I rate them a 4 out of 10 at best. I would like to go back on my old regiment but due to the fact of people abusing pain medicines they have ruined it for us the people that truly need them.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“There making it so hard to get , they play games and are driving people to the streets, Why can’t they see this”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have been fighting chronic pain for 23 years it is caused by nephropathy created by CMT disease, it feels like laying in the middle of hot coals while someone fans them with a bellows, all the while someone is going around poking you with a knife in various areas.
I have been filled with anti-depressants, anti-convulsents and anti-seizure medications all which were supposedly to help ease my pain. Well not in my case and most of them made me a different person all together and not in a good way. 
Opioids have been a life saver in my case.
If we don't stop this attack on legitimate legal prescription users, many more suicides will happen or many more will be using black market drugs to fight their pain.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“KVK Tech oxycodone is absolutely the most horrible generic medication that I have taken and I've been on oxy for close to 10 years.  This rubbish gives me headaches and makes me feel like rubbish. On top of having chronic pain I now have to deal with this rubbish.  I'm getting a new prescription for a better brand named Rhodes that does me well. This medication brand needs to be pulled from the market and the company should be fined being they’re  already being scrutinized for this low quality product..REQUEST ANY OTHER BRAND OTHER THAT KVK TECH..you’ll regret it if you dont!!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes Pharmacy RP10 oxycodone is the worst generic ever made pushed by the VA IN PHOENIX
This horrible medicine doesn't work at all and causes back pain, alters mood  and causes sinus problems, keeps you up, causes irritability.  If the VA gives you this medicine run, it will destroy your life and the VA tries to make you look as though it’s your fault that you are in pain. I was told that I’m going be only person that has complained, making me look like I’m mental. There are plenty of negative reviews on this medicine. Only the best for the cannon fodder  good luck fellows.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“You have to take Xtampza  with about 12 to 14 grams of fat. I have experimented with higher and lower fat amounts but 12-14 gm is my sweet spot. When I first tried it I used butter, cheese, really hf foods. This made my cholesterol  jump way up. Now I  eat a palm full of walnuts when I take xtampza. It works well for up to 8 hours for me”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Worked great for the first few months, but it eventually stopped working so I consulted my 
doctor to switch me to a different medication.
Overall, I’d say I had a positive experience from Oxycodone.

Does the job when you’re in pain.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Feels like monthly prescription Russian Roulette. Just wish it would work same each month & not randomly cause suicidal depression, fatigue, confusion, headaches, jitters, etc. Consistency = everything when you have health problems. 

FDA is either looking other way or encouraging generic drug makers to degrade/alter Oxycodone quality so it adds side effects & alters it’s functioning as a deterrent & is using society’s sickest as unwitting test subjects. I didn’t sign up for this drug trial! Tired of hearing “small variance” or “fillers” excuses 4 why same med goes from effective one month to side effect riddled “suicide pill” the next. 

I didn’t ask for life altering diseases. These pills allow me to function when they work but I can’t handle the side effects & so exhausted trying to figure out which brand of an identical drug will actually work right this month. FDA has every right to strictly monitor these meds, but no right to have such variance in each product.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“These meds just don’t work anymore? I trued every brand, I live in Louisiana north , and I have filled reports with the FDA , meds watch and with the board of pharmacy here in Louisiana, everyone should! I used to get the yellow ones last year and work well - now even lucky if these pharmacy can keep any in stock! CVS is out , Kroger is out , Brookshires has Rhodes, they don’t work! Told doc and he will not change me, he understood  as I am not the only one complaining , well so I guess if you are in pain then you are out of luck”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been a severely compromised patient for well over 4 years with chronic low back pain. I was put on an Xtampza regimen with breakthrough rescue of oxycodone. I reviewed their application to the FDA but it has a fatal flaw . It must be taken with a HCHF (High Calorie High Fat) diet/food. If you compare the blood levels with LCLF or MCMF (low calorie low fat, medium calorie medium fat) or a fasting state, it won't get the job done. Also, if you sprinkle it on food with a HCHF diet, you will find the onset about 1-2 hours faster, but the peak effect is lower, while it still lasts about 8-10 hours. If you ingest it as a whole capsule, it will take 2-3 hours to start to work. The company has done A POOR job of communicating how to take it. My guess is you probably need about 30 grams of fat to guarantee you get absorption and efficacy. That's about 270 calories. Unfortunately, no one has told us this.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Was forced to Xtrampza from former med , this medicine was I believe to make you ill , sick , so you don’'t want to take it . That designer drug works to make you sick . But doesn’t work to well on pain and takes hours and hours to get any pain relieving effect at all . It is also inaccurate on how they are made , there must be no controls on the manufacturer process . The 4 score is accurate, many are being forced to this medication even though it’s not effective and takes way too long to work if at all and it’s just as expensive as Perdue . I would not recommend this med unless you have no other choice and you’ll just have to force it down and be sick to try to get any pain relief at all . Take it with a NSAIDs or Tylenol if your doctor allows it . But just remember how dangerous NSAIDs and Tylenol are . Don’t take that like it’s nothing . Good luck on this one. I only wish the designers and doctors had to take it .”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was on oxycontin 40, my insurance forced me to Xtampza 36. Compared with name brand oxycontin, Xtampza is better for me. It works within 40 minutes and it lasts 12 hours. Oxycontin took 90 minutes to start working and it stopped working after 8 hours, I wish I had Xtampza years ago. You must take it with food, taking it with no food or a very small amount of food is assuring you that you will experience pain and withdrawal that day, since it's so expensive make sure you are eating an orange, a bagel, or a cup of yogurt is enough, no need for a full meal. If you can't swallow the giant xtampza capsule you can open it and mix the contents with whatever you're eating.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Hello. Ask to try  the Fentynal patch?? The are 20mg transdermal patch. They work great for chronic pain and one lasts 3 days”2021For Chronic Pain:		“KVK TECH brand oxycodone is more garbage being put on the market in the name of fighting opioid abuse. Seems like all the instant release are now just don't work and are making people with real pain who need this medication very sick with no relief. These companies and the doctors prescribing DO NOT CARE!!! This is a numbers game. I had a new lease on life after being prescribed opiates for my pain and now I'm a depressed useless mess in extreme pain with zero hope for the future.  An addiction problem would be a walk in the park compared to what THEY have caused me to go through.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Paid 200 dollars for 28 capsules of Xtampza ER. So far it has been worthless and very disappointed with this product and had to pay my insurance a $190  copay. Wow what a bad decision . Wasted money that  I don't have to waste on some designer drug. Definitely will not refill. I'm afraid to take it again, I feel like they are forcing us take a product that does not work . Due to 8 surgeries and Fibromyalgia my life is  tough getting through each day and night. Absolutely no help for sleep . It actually has me waking up ever to hours. Just like before I gave them $200 . I think we all deserve a refund for a drug with a lot of hype but read the reviews. Happy Trails”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I’ve been on it a week. First off I got nauseated then realized I probally needed to eat with it . I’m not a breakfast eater, so this is going to be an issue. But I did start eating a few saltines with it . I’m on 18mgs . They do nothing for the pain by themselves . If I take them with my breakthrough med , they do seem to help them a little bit more . But they do take an hour and half to 2 hours to notice any pain relief , then they only work for like 4 hours after that. So no way they can be considered long acting . Also they make me sleepy constantly , so now I have absolutely no energy to get up and clean house . So to sum up , they are pretty worthless .”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Xtampza 18 mg did absolutely nothing for my pain .  Fortunately,  I read some reviews and found out I was not alone. I need to go back to oxycontin asap.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I had a terrible experience.  Made my pain worse. Only way to avoid joint pains and pins and needles was to eat something in the middle of the night.  Sleeping was very difficult.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I became a victim of chronic pain when an event caused permanent damage to nerves in my spine in 2013.  I seriously manage the use of narcotics; I created an extensive analysis tool that enabled me to cut opioid dosage by 80% and weaning myself off of 50mg Fentanyl patches which I changed every two days.  I know my body’s reaction to opioids well.  I had to change pharmacies and ended up with oxycodone  20mg by KVK; for 9 days I have been living a painful nightmare.  I had 1 tablet from the previous RX (different manufacturer) and it worked like a charm.  I called Meijer to tell them The KVK pills are not right - they said they can’t so anything.  I just want their corporate buyer to know KVK is NOT properly dosing these pills.  I  have proven this by my body’s reaction to the same dose from another company.  I am thankful for this site because now I know I am not the only one with KVK-tech Oxycodone.  Ask before you get your RX filled! Do NOT get KVJ-tech oxycodone!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“My pharmacy switched brands to the Camber T 188 Oxycodone 15 mg.  They have made me so sick.  I have been nauseated, light headed, cold sweat and just a general feeling of malaise since I started taking these.  At first I thought possibly they were too strong but now I'm questioning if there is anything in them.  
From what I read these are produced by Camber Pharmaceuticals.   I have never in all this time taking this medication had something make me feel so terrible.  I almost feel like I'm poisoning myself. 
I called the pharmacy and they stated I wasn't the only one who had complained and that I wouldn't be given them again but unfortunately they couldn't take them back.  This seems so unfair to people who legitimately suffer from chronic pain.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Due to a job injury I've been disable for 9-10 years. I've taken all kind of meds. Then finally found Xtampra 18mg my pain dr put me on it. I'm happy to say that they WORKED for me until the so-call I fell into the so called "donut hole" in my insurance. Price went from $25.00 to $165.85, so I say to you raise your hand if  you would be able to afford to pay for that every month with disable income. I NEED HELP TO PAY OR LOWER THE PRICE.  PLEASE, PLEASE, I'm hurting so bad every day, each step I make hurts.”2021For Pain:		“These white pills with the R/P on one side and 5/325 on the other side made by Rhodes Pharmaceuticals, made me feel like I was dying. In fact, I wonder if I could die from taking these. I've never had a problem with other pain medications like Percocet or Oxycodone. The fillers in this pill are dangerous.  I couldn't breathe and my face and mouth got puffy and weird. I couldn't see straight and felt no pain relief - just terribly sick. These should be ILLEGAL. Cancer patient here.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Due to a forehead injury, I have chronic nerve pain.  But my excruciating pain was well controlled when I was taking Oxycontin 20 mg am & pm, with 4 tramadols and 4 Percocet 10 mg a day as needed for breakthrough.  But that all changed when Insurance would no longer cover Oxycontin and the Pandemic hit and there is a short supply of Generic Oxycontin 20 mg and now I take Xtampza ER 18 mg.  I take it with a high-fat food as suggested and this medication is useless.  I'm so depressed and not sure how much longer I can go on.  My doctor mentioned putting me on Dilaudid ER and Dilaudid 10 mg 4 times daily but Dilaudid is stronger and I would rather not have to take something stronger when the alternative lesser medication used to work fine! But I can't go on like this much longer!  For those that Xtampza is effective for, I'm very happy for you, but for those of us that it is no help, or in my case I think it makes the pain WORSE, it's devastating!  God Bless you all!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Have 5 herniated discs also spinal arthritis.while working 10 years ago pain was somewhat managed. At least I led a somewhat painful but normal life some days way worse one thing you didn’t have to worry about was whether your meds were going to work or whether your drug store would have your prescription available. Drs won’t say it, druggist won’t say it ! Generic pain meds today are nowhere as good as they once were. If a survey were taken I bet 90% would agree. Every one knows this .I guess they just don’t care”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I started taking pain pills in 2014 and had the best results from them 2 years later something changed. The prior prescription gave me energy and made me feel the best I have ever felt. The oxycodone 15mg now just makes my head nod and I feel hungover in the mornings. Whatever they replaced seems to be some sort of sleeping medication. This should be illegal. They are all synthetics now and I am wondering if they actually have  oxycodone in them. I don’t know how they get away with calling them oxycodone. I have tried KVK and the Mallinkrodt 15mg the Mal worked the best until they changed them. KVK I would get some pills that did absolutely nothing at all to subdue my pain. Rhodes are big compared to the size of the other brands which must be mostly fillers that have no effect on pain and hurt your stomach. I think we deserve to know what we are taking, they are not at all oxycodone. There is no such thing anymore.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have been taking this type of pain med for 1 week.   Switched off Percocet.   I have chronic neck, spine, and leg pain in addition a brain injury.   This medication is not only expensive.  I am back to pain that I had previously .  Movement hurts lifting, spine, right leg and brain is like I felt after surgery.   This is a shame and expensive.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking pain meds of years due to injury to my spinal column.   I see a lot of complaints about Xtampza ER here and this concerns me.  I have taken it for over a year (insurance company issues like all!) and have had no issues with the difference.  I have taken several types of ER thru the years without issue.  I was just switched to Rhodes on 15 mg breakthrough and am concern with all the feedback.  However, confused, given that the company is owned by the name brand Purdue.   Will update in a few weeks with my experience.  but please don't avoid Xtampza JUST from these remarks below.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been getting physical therapy, doing physical therapy anyway as epidermal, delta cortisone shots into shoulder, back and well diagnosed pain, varicose veins, rheumatoid arthritis, torn tendon and neuro-pain.
I've been taking oxycontin 80mg Cr every 12 hours, with lidocane patch , until the OxyContin was not covered, so I was now prescribed Xtampza ER 36mg twice daily every 12hours. It made me have withdrawals , sweats, changes in behavior and not much analgesic pain help, this medicine makes people bloated and drag their butt around in pain all day. And nobody wants to take something that just gives poor sleep from pain that keeps you awake and bad dreams of how you still have pain. It should be remade or off the market of pharma for false advertising.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Xtampza ER 18 mg, 2 times a day. Worst medication I've ever been on. Not only did it not work for pain,  it made me feel like I was in constant opioid withdrawal.  I felt tired, couldn't sleep at night and theres not point this medicine should even exist. Extremely expensive and extremely worthless!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“For every surgery I've had over the years, oxycodone was the best treatment for my pain. The thing is, you have to take it exactly as prescribed so not to become addicted. I wouldn't want anything stronger! This way of controlling pain is not for everyone! Good luck to all!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I recently injured myself again. I cannot tell you how much the product quality has dropped across the board for every single one of these pain relievers.

Oxcodone in particular, there has not been a single brand that touches any of the old brand in terms of pain control, relief and duration. It is horrible. Sometime I can barely get out of bed and have to rely on this pathetic excuse of an opioid. The pain relievers of today last an hour at most and would hardly give a  small child a "buzz". 

Tris, Mallinkrodt, Rhodes, and even KVK have all substantially dropped their quality and it is time something is done. The FDA/DEA cannot keep turning a blind eye to the whole situation. I don't know if they are intentionally trying to get everyone (even if they are legitimate pain sufferers) to resort to the black market. But everyone:
REPORT THIS TO EVERYONE POSSIBLE!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was taking the Rhodes brand 30 my oxycodone for 2 years with exceptional relief. This pill is easy to cut in half or quarters which is almost impossible with other brands. Now the pharmacy changed to KVK tech and it’s sub standard to Rhodes plus KVK causes severer stomach trauma and nausea. The Rhodes brand is superior and should be used by all pharmacies because it works and is less likely to be abused because of its size.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking oxycodone 10 mg immediate release tablets for many years after hip fracture and breaking my back, but I've noticed the last 3 months it's NOT  working like it has for years, it's not helping with like it once did, and it use to give me a little energy which was a plus.
I'm wondering if Kvk tech has weakened the strength of the med.I've used multiple Manufactures oxycodone and Kvk tech has always worked well for me.
I guess I'll be looking for  different manufacturers of this medicine.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Percocet 10mg. Five times a day. Then they put me on OxyContin 20 mg twice a day, with Five Percocet three times a day. Now they put me on Xtampxa 18 mg twice a day with three 5 mg Percocet for breakthrough. THIS DRUG is WORTHLESS. I have never been so miserable in my life.  This is a useless medicine, yes I take it with teaspoon of peanut butter.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taken oxycodone for 5 years. I usually receive the small green 15 mg pills which  always worked well. I changed my doctor to the VA. I was given 15 mg oxycodone made by Rhodes. I really think this company's pills should be tested  they do nothing for pain whatsoever or if there is any pain reliever at all in these pills. I have a drug test coming up in a couple days should be very interesting to see if there is any opiate in these pills.”2021Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Was on Oxycontin 20mg twice a day. Percocet twice a day as needed, 5/325mg. Never had to increase. Was switched to Xtampza a few years ago, started on 18mg twice a day, took time as no conversion chart between both meds, so ended taking 27mg twice a day, with food, worked but very strong, couldn't function so just decreased to 18mg twice a day, clear mind, pain free and taking fatty food with it as that's how it works. Switching between meds takes time, but will work, take it with food to help plasma levels, it's strong so be careful.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“BAD BUSINESS!!! I have been taking oxycodone for years for chronic pain. I know the drug well. My pharmacy has been carrying the KVK Tech brand for a long time. Lately, the KVK brand has changed, and not for the better. It now makes me nauseous, tired and jittery and does not work as well on the pain as it once did. I have spoken with another patient who is having the same experience. Looks like another generics corporation is cutting corners on the manufacture process or using cheaper materials at the customers' expense. I will be changing pharmacies (presently Walgreens) next month to get away from this brand.”2021