For Pain:		“I don't recommend chewing these tablets under any circumstances.”2010For Pain:		“Oxycodone has made my quality of life much better. If your not in serious pain don't start taking this. After about 1 year of taking the prescribed dose daily your mind and body WILL become dependent on this medication no matter who you are! I must say it eliminates some if not most my pain and allows me to be a functioning being. ”2010For Pain:		“Oxycodone works for sure, 100%. But please take as prescribed. Do not abuse unless you want to become an addict. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from addiction is possible at any given time. Take this medicine with care. Don't take 3 or 4 at a time to feel great and escape every trouble in life like I did. Your troubles will end up being a million times worse, trust me. I am on Suboxone now...saved me from opiates.”2010For Pain:		“I had to go onto Oxycodone as I became allergic to buprenorphine patches & reached the limit of how much morphine I could tolerate.  With Oxycodone my pain relief is better than morphine, the migraines are still a problem but less 'sharp' than when I took morphine.
As I live in England I am able to take oxycodone as an extended release drug called 'Targinact'.  It is a combination of oxycodone but also naloxone, which elimintes the biggest problem with opiates.....constipation.  Targinact works amazingly well - I can take oxycodone in high doses but with no constipation.  It is a shame that it isn't available in the US.  Although it is more expensive than oxycodone, all my prescriptions are free thanks to our wonderful healthcare system.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“0016unregistered:  Posted about how the Oxycontin doesn't work as well as it used to. 
I agree. The abusers have caused so many problems for us legitimate users, in real, horrible pain that the DEA has directed the manufacturers to do something, I don't know what, (I heard it on the radio, don't remember the details) to prevent abuse. I use 40mg 3x day, and, about, say, 18 months ago I detected a very noticeable reduction in effectiveness -- and it is not tolerance. It happened too quickly. I will spare you the details of my injury, suffice it to say I am confined to a wheelchair after being T-boned by a stone cold sober driver ran a red light. ”2010For Pain:		“I have had severe AS/RA (Ankylosing Spondylitis/Rheumatoid Arthritis) since I was 7 Years old. I am 25 now. I have been on Oxycodone 30 mg 6x daily and Embeda 60 mg 2 x daily and used with my Enbrel I can do most things I should be able to do normally.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on 80mg Oxycontin for five years. I have had four major back surgeries in the past four years. The Oxycontin has helped me lead as normal life as possible, until they changed them. They don't work even near as they used to. Now my pain really has jumped from a five to a possible eight on the doctor's pain scale. ”2010For Pain:		“I remember when my insurance company covered OxyContin.  That drug was EXTREMELY effective at controlling my chronic pain.  This oxycodone hcl (generic) seems to be FAR less effective, even when taking the same amount of milligrams per day.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have peripheral neuropathy and pain throughout my body. I have been on Norco 350/7 mg 6 x day and 20 mg. Oxycontin 3 times a day. Most days it helps the pain tremendously. There are days that nothing much helps though. Luckily that is not that common. My pain management Doctor has been good working with me and getting me the help I need. Overall Oxycontin has helped my quality of life.”2010For Pain:		“I have had surgery for degenerative disc disease on my lower back three years ago. I had been taking Lortab, 7.5/500 for four years and it wasn't working for me anymore.  Then my back pain got worse.  Further tests show that I have degenerative disc disease on another part of my back, scoliosis, arthritis and a herniated disc. My doctor prescribed Oxycontin 20 mg every 12 hours, with the Lortab for breakthrough pain.  It has saved my life.  I no longer lie in bed trying to convince my body to get moving.  I hate that there is so much stigma and abuse of this medication, because for those who truly need it, it's a life saver!  Now, when my daughter has a violin recital or my son has a football game, I can actually go and watch them!”2010For Pain:		“When used properly and appropriately and for the purpose prescribed this medicine is extremely effective.  I have very intense chronic back pain following two failed surgeries and after trying many different medicines to help with the pain (as well as non-drug therapies) oxycodone is the only medicine that allows me to have even close to a decent quality of life. ”2010For Pain:		“Works better for pain than anything I've tried. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Five years ago, I was close to suicidal with pain and found a superb pain management doctor.at the Beth Israel Pain & Palliative Care Unit in NYC. I HIGHLY recommend them. Recently, I began to feel pain again of the acute variety (am always in some chronic pain), Said to my husband, "it is as if this drug is not working at all". Went today for my regular two month check-up and told my doctor. He nodded and told me that MANY of his patients no longer get relief with Oxycontin as the new formula (meant to keep abusers from crushing it) does not work well in ER form. I had not had to use more than the same dose for 5 years, and was in relative comfort, given my disability, and now I have to try a higher dosage or change medication. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on OxyContin for 8 years now, I have many problems and I am disabled. They've tried me on several medicines before this and nothing worked. I am so sensitive and allergic to a lot of medicines. But then they started me on OxyContin's and it has worked for me up until last month when they changed them. They are not as effective as they once were and now I am suffering because of it. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Well I have been taking Oxycontin 40mg for 5 years now and it has  changed my life until a couple of weeks ago. Now they don't work nearly as good as they did. They put a time release all the way through the pill and it doesn't take the pain completely away now. I hope they change back because this has affected my life a lot!”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was just put on oxycontin yesterday 10 mgs twice a day with norco for break through pain. I was on oxycodone 5mgs 4 times a day. The only thing I don't like is the headache I got this morning and dry mouth, but I will stay with it, because it works.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was very skeptical about this medicine at first. But when I started on it I realized of all the medicines I've tried none worked Like this. My life was destroyed when I a traumatic injury ruined my life. Suicide, depression, whole 9 yards. I tried everything first to no avail. I decided to go the medication route. ”2010For Pain:		“An 80 mg oxycodone ER tablet should be reserved for those who have chronic, long-lasting pain that requires around the clock pain management. This dosage should ONLY be taken by those who have been taking narcotic pain medications for a long period of time and who are what medical professionals call Opiate Tolerant.  This really helps take the edge of my pain.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Have been on this medication for about 1 and a half years. Severe neuropathy in both ankles and feet, degenerative disc disease in 2004\, several broken bones over the years from horseback riding. This medicine has given me my life back after suffering with chronic pain for years. Take 120mg of Oxycontin twice a day and 30 mg of oxycodone four times a day for breakthrough pain. Am able to work 12 hour night shifts and get on with my life due to this drug. Without it I would not be able to do anything other than be in misery. ”2010For Pain:		“I have taken oxycodone for several years and it is the only pain medicine to allow me to get out of bed and function like a healthy person. I would be in bed 24/7 with other people having to take care of me. Oxycodone gives me my independence back.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have worked the coal mines all my life. About 5 years ago, I was in a major mine accident. After 7 orthopedic surgeries, I realized I was going to have to live with this horrible pain. It was so bad that the thought of suicide lingered in my mind so often it became my only thought. That was until I went and saw my family doctor. He started me on Vicodin, then Percocet and a list of others. I didn't have much luck with all those other medicines. Finally, he put me on Oxycontin. What a difference it made in my mental health and my physical well being. Now I take the 80 mg three times a day and I can finally live again. I still get horrible breakthrough pain at times but even with that, my life is so much better.”2010Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“At first this was a very good pain medication and it helped a lot but due to taking it for a few years the effectiveness is not nearly as good as to when I started taking it. Since so many people are addicted to these things when I had my medicine stolen from me I had withdrawals and it was horrible. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Have suffered chronic knee and lower back pain for 10 years   severe osteoarthritis of both knees and have torn and bulging discs, age 42. I am so grateful to the locum who initially prescribed oxycontin 12 months ago (now 20mg x 2) - a prescription for the first time which has lessened the pain and at last improved my quality of life. I was very reluctant to try an 'opiate', and remain on a lower dose by choice. For me the side effects and fear of becoming dependent is far outweighed by the relief provided. All medicines can be abused, and can have side effects - its a fine balance, but genuine chronic pain suffers must not be denied an effective treatment.”2010For Pain:		“I've taken many different opiates over the years for chipped bone spurs in neck and multiple abnormalities in my lower back. This medicine is a miracle for me. I rated it a "10" because the last 6 months I've been prescribed it,"I feel no pain at all".”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with stage 4 endometriosis; adenomyosis in my left pelvic muscle; and just recently had 3 cancerous polyps removed from my colon. I am 27 years old and I have undergone 9 surgeries in the past 2 years I have tried every pain medication out there and Oxycontin is the only thing that gives me any relief. I know that I have a long road ahead and will most likely have to increase my dosage in over the years, but thanks to the Oxycontin I am able to get out of bed and do the normal things I need to do to be a successful individual.”2010OxyIR (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm a diabetic with peripheral neuropathy. I was started on 30mg Oxycodone Immediate Release 3 times a day and methadone 10mg 6 times a day. They have both worked wonders! Recently I developed bad infected foot ulcers and now have a hole on the side of my left foot and open sores/wounds at the bottom of both feet and my doctor upped my dosage to 30mg Oxycodone Immediate Release 6 times a day and Methadone 10mg 9 times a day and with the methadone, the Oxycodone has NO "high" effects. I am so happy my quality of life has raised and I am able to walk almost normally with little to no pain during most of the day. I have gone through the withdrawal by missing 5 days of both medications once and it is bad. Other than that, it is a God send!”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have Neuropathy in all 4 limbs. I have been on so many pain pills and the only relief I get is from the oxycodone 30mgs - 4 X a day and Oxycontin 40mgs twice a day. If not for Oxycontin. I would not be able to function at all. I couldn't get out of bed. The break-through pain is controlled with the oxycodones. If not for both of these medications I wouldn't have a life. As long as you are not abusing them you are fine. I have a Doctor who helps me and knows how much pain I am in and cannot function without them. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin has helped me so much to live my life.  I have no arms and only one leg from an IED when I was in Afghanistan.  I suffer from Phantom limb pain and numerous other problems, but I don't care, because had I not got in the way of the blast then a 2 year old and 3 year old would have died, so I'm fine with how I look.  OxyContin has made the pain bearable. ”2010For Pain:		“Would have been a miracle if it weren't for the time-consuming bouts of nausea that accompanied each dose.”2010Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“The perfect dosage for pain. One pill is all you need for 2 to 4 hours but it wears off quick in some pain cases. ”2010Roxicodone Intensol (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Great medicine or pain. ”2010Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been using this medication for about 6 months.  Roxicodone 30mg every 4 hours.  It does work great takes the pain away within a short time period about 15 minutes once taken.  I have had 17 surgeries and have been unable to do a lot of things until I started taking this medication.  I don't feel tired or get a "high" feeling. I am happy I found a medication that works for me. Only one bad thing - I had when some of my medication was stolen.  I had to stop taking it.  I thought I was going to die  -  I was in bed for 3 days.  Like they say on this site put all your medicines up and follow the directions.  I wouldn't want anybody to have to go through withdrawals on this medication.  ”2010For Pain:		“I am really pleased with this medication. It helps a great deal with my pain in my lower back. I have several herniated discs and degenerative disc disease. I rate this medicine a 10.”2010For Pain:		“I have 2 degenerative discs and this is the only medicine that lets me have a quality of life and productivity that I would not otherwise have. I take 3 x 40mg extended release a day with 30mg immediate release for breakthrough pain as needed. I have no side effects at all, and when I ran out once for 2 days, the pain was bad, but no other withdrawal symptoms, no vomiting, etc. Without this medicine I would be severely restricted in my movements and basically not able to function without pain. It is a shame that most people have a prejudice about this medicine a, but for those of us with chronic serious pain who use it as prescribed; it truly is a lifesaver! ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have taken this drug for the past 10 years for back issues (discs bulging and ruptured). I have not increased my dosage in the past 6 years and the ER extended release has worked wonders. One 20mg pill in the morning and I am good 95% of all days. Occasionally I need one additional pill if I have been overly active. This pill allows me to live a fairly normal life.”2010For Pain:		“I take it for both my fibromyalgia and neuropathic pain.  The pain in my feet was and is so bad it is like hot acid injected under the skin. I was in a wheelchair because I couldn't walk. I finally went to a pain specialist that put me on oxycodone after trying everything else. With this pain medication I have parked my wheelchair, am able to walk my dog and not just around the block I walk him for miles down the river walk trail. I have been able to go back to teaching (I have a masters in history), have a social life, and my basic attitude toward life has skyrocketed. I don't abuse the medicine and actually have some left over for my monthly follow ups. I don't have to abuse it the prescribed dose is perfect for me.  ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I found this very effective in combination with diclofenac. Previously the diclofenac was only lasting 1-2 hours in combination with either 2 x Tylenol 3 or 1 Percocet, but with only 1 Oxycontin per day, diclofenac once again lasts for 5-7 hours per 50mg dose.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin gives me far more pain relief than all the other "pain killers" I have been given over the years. I have advanced osteoarthritis, fibromyalgia, idiopathic gastro paresis, gastritis, Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Hypermobility Syndrome, and a host of other random medical disorders. I have had crippling pain over the last 7 years, been on everything from Talacen and Darvocet to Lortab and Percocet. This is the first medication that allows me to get out of bed and clean my house and walk my dog. My quality of life is so improved. The only reason for me giving this a 9 is because it does cause a lot of constipation, in my mind this is a small price to pay.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“To bad people have to abuse medication that other people need. This pill seems to reduce pain better than any other with less side effects.”2010For Pain:		“I am a 24 year old female who has suffered pain most of my life. I was born with hip dysplasia and was very athletic growing up. I got bursitis on my right hip, and was in a motor vehicle accident. I've also got peripheral nerve pain/damage which I take a low dose 20 mg methadone. I also take oxycodone IR 15mg x 4 a day and I couldn't get out of bed without it nor could I walk up and down the stairs. It is a life savor!”2010For Pain:		“Nothing else has worked for a chronic pain condition I have suffered with since a car accident in 1987 and several subsequent injuries. The hydrocodone drugs and Neurontin don't begin to touch the pain. I have been seeing a highly-rated and competent specialist for 4 years now, and we have tried many different medicines alone and combined.  Still the only long-term relief I have had in 22  years is from a combination of long-acting generic Oxycodone 80 mg. every 8 hours (or more expensive brand-name OxyContin if it isn't) and short-acting 30 mg tablets of immediate-release Oxycodone up to 1 every 4 hours. At last, I don't have to live out the rest of my life (I'm 62) in misery and actually find myself MORE active than I've been in years.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I would be in bed all day without this medicine. I have tried A LOT of pain pills and never really got much relief. I have A.L.S. and this medicine has made me be able to get up and do things, which I wasn't able to do before I was on this medicine. I could not even get out of bed without such bad pain. At least now I can enjoy what time I have with my family without being in such severe pain and still I have pain even with Oxycontin I never get pain free but it is tolerable with this drug. It was not even tolerable with others I have tried in the past.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been taking this medication 10mg 4 x a day and it has really helped. I was initially taking hydrocodone for about a year until having surgery (Fusion and Laminectomy - L5 S1) and I have to agree with some of you, when I first started taking it, it worked great and provided relief for about 5 to 6 hours. Now after 6 months, it doesn't seem to be working as it used to but I will be talking with my doctor next month regarding this issue. It seems to only work 3 to 4 hours and does not provide relief like it used to when I first started taking it. I broke one tablet in half since they're scored and took 15mg and this worked but it tells me I'm becoming or am dependent on it. I tried to go without it for 3 days and I hurt worse and vomited.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Works great on pain. I would be bedridden without it.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have three bulging discs, arthritis, and sciatica in my lower back and also was just recently diagnosed with fibramyalgia. I have been on Oxycontin for about a year now, and yes it has been increased about three times within that period of time. I am now on 80mg 4x's a day. It works great with the pain relief, but it makes me sweat so uncontrollably that I have to keep a fan on my on a constant basis. I am also on about 8 more kinds of medicines, so I'm not sure which ones are causing the dizziness. But when I wake up every morning, I can barely walk, and it takes about 45 minutes for the pain to subside. And then I start the sweating. But I can handle the sweating if it helps me walk so I can keep up with my four year old son. Truly a life saver.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I think I have tried every pain medication known to man over the last 9 years.  This one is the only one that has allowed me to live a normal life.”2010For Pain:		“I've taken Oxyfast for 18 months now for treatment following a severe auto accident (I suffered multiple herniation's in my neck and back, torticollis, jaw dislocation, head trauma, right rotator cuff and right hand ligaments permanently scarred.  It took 4 years for me to succumb to taking this medication because of all the bad publicity. I was introduced to it by people who eventually suffered severe addictions.  I'm happy to say even though I'm prescribed over 200 mg per day I only take it for breakthrough pain to relieve the torture in my head (supposedly cluster headaches). I can stop for weeks at a time and am very thankful it doesn't affect me negatively (i.e. withdrawals).”2010For Pain:		“Thank you for sharing all these posts.  I have been in severe pain for almost 40 years.  I have been through doctors and pain medicine. I finally got prescribed this medicine last month. Have had good results from it as the post say.  As like many, I feel embarrassed to ask for medicine. The Dr.'s make you feel like a drug addict asking for pain medicines.  This is sad when there are real people out there that need this medication.”2010For Pain:		“Great drug for severe pain, it gave me back the ability to function again. I had only 1 side effect, constipation, which was easily taken care of. A few words of caution...take as directed. Withdrawal is sheer agony and can come on quickly, happens to me with 1 missed dose in about 6 hours or so.”2010For Pain:		“I have severe endometriosis, and this has been the best pain relief I've gotten. I have taken a sleu of pain medicines, and this has the least side effects (for me) and the most pain killing power, without making me feel too loopy.  Hands down the best pain medicine for me.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am a 47 year old male who has taken this drug for 10 years. (300 mg per day everyday.)  Yes it will ease pain, but normally 2 to 3 years you have to increase it. I was medically dependent within months.  In late fall 09, the medicines just lost their effect by at least 50%.  So I was faced with a 50% increase in medicines.  I said NO!  So I tried a medical detox place to start.  After 90 hours there, they said you have done great we are sending you home.  I was so proud till 4a.m. the next day. I threw up 90 times in the next 60 hours.  I lost 34lbs. in 8 days and had severe withdrawal symptoms for 2 more weeks. It has been 30 days since I started this and I will never put that poison in my body. ”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“After a series of operations on my lower back the nerve scarring caused chronic pain. After being prescribed one pain medication after another I was finally referred to a pain specialist. In 2000 I was put onto Oxy-contin at 30mg twice a day. After less than 3 months I suffered very bad withdrawal symptoms after missing the morning dose. The pain during those hours seemed to increase tenfold. By 2003 the dose had increased to 60mg three times a day. I have now been taking Oxycontin for 9 years. I still have break through pain that keeps me from most activities and my heart and lungs have been affected. I would like to stop taking the medication but have bad withdrawals.”2010OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I used this medicine under strict supervision at a pain management center after failed trials with Opana and Kadian which made me ill. Vicodin was not strong enough as I have had open back surgery from my skull to mid back to drain a spinal cord cyst called a "syrinx." My spine was arthritic and required struts to rebuild it; I now have chronic acute pain just holding up my head (max 5-6 hours at a time). Also have chronic low back pain arthritis and herniation with tear. Thankfully it relieved my pain and helped me function somewhat normally for 5-6 months. Then one month the refill arrived two days late and I went through withdrawal, suffering horribly with dark suicidal ideation and depression. I got off it. Now on Percocet, not ideal.”2010