OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been living with chronic knee and back pain since 1982 with having a total of 13 right and left knee surgeries.  I have degenerative joint disease throughout, the sacral vertebra in my spine have fused together and have injury in my back. I have been on multiple pain medications over the years and this medication helps me get through the day along with Flexerill. I have quit taking it for several months on end so I don't get addicted and did not have any side effects or withdrawal symptoms.  I did have high levels of pain, but anyone who lives with a chronic condition like ours understands this.  I have a great doctor who works with me trying to control it.”2012“worked great the first year then I started having many side effects. Racing heart, fatigue, shortness of breath, being dizzy 24/7, palpitations etc. ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain in my lower back, and this medication enables me to get out of bed each day and keep working. That said, I don't get the full 12hrs sustained release. For me its more like 9-10hrs relief before I feel it progressively wearing off (and supplement with a small dose of IR Oxycodone). Side effects? Finding the right dosage was tricky. Too little and I was in pain, but too much and I could barely keep my eyes open to function. I was fatigued the whole time and itchy all over. I've now found a stable balance between pain relief and side effects that is workable with the rest of my life. 
Overall, it's been a miracle medicine for me to relieve debilitating pain. I'm still in my 30's and am too young to be feeling 80 every day.”2012For Pain:		“I just had a gigantic ventral hernia repair with mesh. Surgery alone took three hours. Twelve holes. Also liver biopsy. Taking 100mg as needed. Cant walk, stand, move without severe pain. I am frustrated and sick of being bedridden. ”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've had 10 surgeries on both of my legs. I just started going to a doctor this month and they gave me roxys. They work more than any other medicine out there. I'm so happy I can now take my son for a walk and do things that I couldn't before. I want to thank my doc for taking my pain away.”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Prescribed 30mg 3x daily. Used to be on Opana 40mg. Opana was definitely a better solution because 1 pill a day is better than 3. New formula causes stomach problems for me, but now I am on roxicodone and it does great for my spinal disc pain
Just wish I didn't have to take 3 a day”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Minimal relief with itching”2012For Pain:		“I was just put on Oxycodone after a brutal tooth extraction.  The pain after the extraction nearly brought me to my knees.  After I took two Oxycodones, the pain had simply vanished.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone suffering pain from a tooth extraction.  It works wonders.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I had 2 spinal fusions one on 5-5-10 and the 2nd one 11-11-11 and they both have failed. This is my 1st time being on oxycontin I was previously on 2 different strengths of oxycodone, which worked well for me but pain management wanted me to be on oxycontin and oxycodone and without my pain meds I can not get out of bed. I had 2 collapsed, bulging disc in my lower lumbar I started out with a cage and it never fused now I have a plate which is not taking. I have degenerative disc disease, sciatica, and many more problems I have more bulging disc and a cracked vertebra but I am really hesitant to have another back surgery due to the previous experiences.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I would just like to say that I have been taking Oxycontin along with other strong pain medication for years,   I have been blessed by doctors who understand what chronic pain can do to your life and not being afraid to prescribe what is needed.   Although I am still in chronic pain, I would not be able to get out of bed without these medications.   
”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have suffered from a double fusion on my lumbar spine since 2006. I have tried every known pain medicine in the book with no success until the doctor prescribed the last and only medicine that actually worked, OxyContin. ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I hope your pain is managed as best as it can be!
I'm in the UK and and am prescribed both OxyContin (sustained release) and Oxynorm which is a fast acting version of oxycodone. I have degenerative disc disease in my lumbar spine and am listed for surgery in early October 2012. This medicine takes the edge of my pain.  ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“15mg IR 4 times a day, need knee surgery and can't afford it, this medicine has given me my way of life back.”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Quick to act, seems to also help with depression, overall the best pain medicine I've been prescribed.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have had 13 back surgeries since 1997 after a car accident I also have a spinal stimulater in me. I take 20mg Oxycontin four times a day and 10/325 Percocet 5 times a day. My pain stays about the same, some days I can't walk. ”2012For Pain:		“I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia, degenerative disc, neck issues and this is the only medicine that doesn't bother my stomach (gastric ulcer) or give me panic attacks. The problem is being able to get it because of abuse by other people. ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on every ER pain medicine except for methadone. OxyContin is changing my life drastically for the better. I can now walk longer distances, help around the house, play with the kids and much, much more. 

In short this medicine is a life changer. I switched from fentanyl which always made me tired and grumpy. God bless my patient wife. 

I have a new life and I'm so grateful!”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I see so many people here rating this medicine as a lifesaver, and especially thankful because it allows them to play with their kids. Its the same for me. I still have a very low quality of life and spend a lot of time in bed, but without it I would barely be human.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm a little skeptical because I actually withdrew a little from MS-Contin (morphine) when I switched to Oxycontin. So far it is working but I hear Morphine is the more potent of the 2. MS-Contin stopped working after 3 or 4 months.So 5 days into this Oxycontin it seems to be helping. I'm staying hopeful.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This is the best medicine for pain.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Great”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin, gave me my life back. I have taken literally every pain medicine combination known to man. This medicine is the one that has given me my ability to walk again without pain. My case was a very bad coal mining accident back in 2006. I have had five knee and leg surgeries, both shoulders reconstructed and my hips operated on three times. So I lived a very miserable life until I was put on this medicine by my family doctor. All the doctors at the pain clinic I was going to had me on medicines like Opana or Fentanyl and lots more.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been on the 60mg twice a day for over 2 years now with Roxicodone 30mg every six hours for breakthrough pain, works better for me than Avinza, High dose Norco, and even the Fentanyl Patches 25mcg-75mcg. It has given my life back, I do recommend you talk to your doctor and get on this medicine, the old version that had OC and 60 was a lot better than the newer OP/60, but eventually your body gets used to it. Just be careful take it as directed. The only side effect is constipation, but otherwise a God-Send!”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Great pain relief ...but was like intestinal cement for me. Was continually constipated. Nothing helped this...enemas, 
Miralax, Exlax. Was horrible.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Made me feel a lot better and able to walk further and do day to day things.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Took it twice and vomited both times.”2012For Pain:		“Very exceptional. Has taken away the PAIN I thought would never stop. No side effects experienced nor was I out of control of my actions or any other media hype you read. Why are any medications developed if they cannot be used the way they are intended to be used. ”2012For Pain:		“My Rx is for 5mg of oxycodone up to 4 time daily.  I haven't needed it nearly that often and achieve excellent results (relief of pain) in about 30 minutes; lasting 6-8 hours.  The one downside has been constipation.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have fibromyalgia and I'm 31. I'm on disability now because the job I had for 10 years said I couldn't work there because I take 2 x 10mg a day of Oxycontin. At least now I can live a life. Play with my kids wash my car...etc. Before all I did was suffer at work and my work performance was so poor they even tried to fire me.....or get me to resign.”2012For Pain:		“I have severe scoliosis, had an operation 16 years ago which failed. A titanium rod which should never have broken Did. I have tried various medication including Morphine, my life was hell. A few years ago I was prescribed Oxycodone immediate release tried slow release but had too much break through pain. My life has now greatly improved and I can have a better life, anyone knocking this pain relief hasn't suffered like we all have. It gets a 2 thumbs up from me.”2012For Pain:		“I feel the need to add my 2 cents here. For YEARS I was unable to live a 'normal' life - spending most of the time in bed due to Derkums Disease and severe arthritis. Moving was painful and even the shortest trips left me in tears. I was given Nucynta, Dilaudid, Lortab, just to name a few. Oxycodone was prescribed and it truly changed my life. I am now able to take walks and do light excercise, yard sale and go to church! I do not understand the negative press about this medicine, I have never felt 'funny' or different. I just do not hurt like before. I consider this a life-saving wonder medicine!”2012For Pain:		“Works well when taken as directed with few or no side effects.”2012For Pain:		“Longer lasting than any other narcotics I took. ”2012For Pain:		“Has helped control my pain for a long time.”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have chronic thoracic back pain. I've been through nerve blocks, acupuncture, physical therapy, 3 chiropracters, 2 orthopedic surgeons, 1 neurosurgeon, 2 pain doctor's. Vicodin, Percocet, Kadian (very expensive). Insurance refused to pay anymore finally switched to oxycodone. Still have breakthrough pain with to much physical activity. ”2012For Pain:		“This medicine was a God send to ease my chronic pain in my back after falling off a roof and breaking my hip and spine.”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I agree with everyone.  This is the best pain medicine I have ever used.  I had Discitis which led to a Lumbar Lamenectomy and Multi Facet Joint Fusions.  I take 30mg every 4 hours.  It used to take the pain away every time but now it's not working too well.  I am going to see my Pain Management Doctor to ask for help. ”2012For Pain:		“This medication helped me survive until they found the real problem with my back, which took about a year and several progressively invasive procedures. I can say in my experience that after surgery I continued having pain but once I weened off and my own endorphins kicked in I actually felt much better. Even my pharmacist said there have been cases of the medicine actually causing pain and I experienced it. I will say in my experience there is a difference in generic medications vs name brand and even differences in different manufacturers. ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am 56 with degenerative disc disease, fibromyalgia and  just underwent rhizotomy on lumbar. That still did not help with the pain. I also broke my back in 2000 which was not treated and my spine is deformed. I suffer so much, I also tried everyting, this is magnificent it only takes 15mg.”2012For Pain:		“I have been on oxcycodone for almost 3 yrs. I have chronic back pain. Have 2 spinal fusions, the first 1 failed. I have a cracked vertabra and another bulging disc, I have degenerative disc diasease and this medication has done wonders for me. I still have a great deal of pain but not nearly as bad as I used to. Just like many of you I have been on all kinds of pain medicines that never worked and I was prescribed 30 mg 3 times a day and 10 mg 3 x's for breakthrough and it helps alot. I can go to my childrens sporting events now, I can do a few things now that I was not able to do.”2012Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“After 11 back surgeries  (cervical,lumbar) due to scoliosis,and degenerative disc disease,I finally feel almost normal again. I have complete pain relief from my 3 a day Roxy 30 mg. and Fentanyl patch 150 mg. I have actually been cutting back on my Roxy as my condition improves. With virtually no side effects (constipation, sometimes drowsimess) this has kept me comfortable through all my surgeries and recoveries. Take only as directed by your Dr,and you too can experience freedom from your chronic pain. Highly recommended!”2012For Pain:		“I had my first back surgery 10 years ago fusion L-5 S-1 I was pain free for about 5 years, then the pain returned. I went to a pain clinic and went through many epedural injections which did not help. The doctor finally put on Oxycontin 15mg immediate release which reduced my pain greatly. I found the two discs above my surgery were fractured so I had to go through another surgery. The surgeon refused to give oxycodone after my surgery and I was in a lot of pain. I finally got in to see my pain doctor and he was appalled that the surgeon did not give oxys. People think you are a junkie when you tell them you are taking them, but I don't care they are the only things that help my pain.”2012For Pain:		“I have severe osteoarthritis in my knees and was given Mobic, Celebrex, Voltaren and ibuprofen 800 at different times nothing helped. Then I had dental surgery and was given 10mg of Lortabs. Wow I could walk, I didnot literally have to almost crawl out of work, walk my dog, clean my house and play with my grandkids. I've put on 80 lbs since I cannot move when I get off work. I only had medicines for 10 days and it was a miracle.”2012For Pain:		“I have lived in pain for over 7 years (if you can even call that living). Living in different states over these 7 years I have been to many doctors that have tried many different types of medications to help me with the pain. The best ANY of these medicines would do is help me with the severe headaches that the pain would actually cause. THEN I was introduced to Oxycodone. The pain was reduced to almost none at all. ”2012For Pain:		“I've had 14 surgeries and been in 3 coma's all from motorcycle racing. I've broken almost every bone in my body. I have taken almost all the pain medication including shots (that did not work). This is the only medicine that will relieve my pain by about 30%. ”2012OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have suffered with degenerative disc disease, 5 herniated discs and arthritis in my lumbar spine and neck. I have taken every medicine available, have tried all the injections but NOTHING works like Oxycontin. I now have a very rare form of Leukemia which doubled the pain that I was already in. ”2012“This medication completely gets rid of my chronic, terrible pain. I'm thankful for this medicine due to the fact that it gives me the ability to walk. People take the ability to move without pain for granted, but not I, and this medicine is the reason why that is the case.”2012For Pain:		“Having dealt with extreme back pain for years, I finally found a pain management doctor who prescribed oxycodone. I have several herniated discs in my lumbar back, previous cervical disc removal with fusion and have material "floating" in my back, pressing on my sciatic nerve in 3 different areas. Before the oxycodone, I would sit at work and suffer for 12 hours at a time, praying for something to take away the pain. I would rock back and forth trying to take my mind off the pain. ”2012For Pain:		“I'm 32yrs old and have been a dancer for 16 years. I was diagnosed with degenerated disc disease 8 years ago and was put on Lortab 7.5mg 4 times a day then about 3yrs ago I had a very bad slip and fall and that caused 2 bulged discs in my neck. I also have mild scoliosis and moderate arthritis. I would not be able to have the physical profession that I do without oxycodone. I've been taking 180mg a day for 3 years. This medicine has been able to keep me living a productive life! I'm so happy I have read all these posts.. Thanks to all of you!”2012