For Pain:		“Been on it for 28 years and it has gave me my quality of life back. I take Morphine and Oxycodone and if it wasn't for the meds I would be in a wheelchair and unable to function and in a nursing home and lose my quality of life. Best thing that I have taken that kept me going this long and able to do what a normal person can do but still have restrictions.”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Severely hurt my neck all the way to my lower back. Was recently prescribed 30mg IR twice daily. I want to say this: For people suffering tremendous excruciating pain it is an amazing excellent medication because it takes my pain away right away. However, for me it is way to strong and can’t function on it and when taken at night I can’t wake up in the morning. I have made an appointment to go back to my doctor and go back on Vicodin. To anyone reading: please don’t abuse or take unless you really need it, and for those taking it just to get high out there, stop! You are ruining it for the responsible people suffering and are risking their well being for your selfish actions. I was responsible enough it was too strong for me. Please listen!!!”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I find oxycontin very effective but it took some time to get it to where it was most effective. I found most surprising that higher doses caused more pain. My doctor is great. He worked WITH me to adjust it many up & down on dosage. Best of all WE were able to find a low dose of Oxycontin & Oxycodone combination that has worked consistently for over a year now without adjustments. Fiñd a doc that is also a real partner in your health care!!!!!”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Both meds Oxycontin & Roxicodone are some of the best pain meds on the market-HANDS DOWN! I've been on as much as two 80 mg Oxycontin & six Roxi 30's a day & was on that regiment for 8 years. I have had 5 back surgeries & have rods from the bottom of my neck to the top of my ass . I have all kinds of nerve damage in my left leg & feet & cramp something awful if I don't take meds. I took all that medicine with 3 Soma daily-3 zanex bars daily-100MG ZOLOFT DAILY-Neurontin 900mg daily-And as I said to start, both those pain meds are highly recommended & trust me, I have the experience lol”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Have had 3 surgeries to repair a hernia that dr's have screwed up, waiting for complete reconstructive surgery to hopefully fix it,.This medication was designed in 1950 to help our vets to get off morphine.  It is the only one that works for me.  I too am sick of the looks and comments I get from the pharmacy when I pick it up but it allows me to be pain free and to function so until they fix me right I will remain on it.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Causing horrible headaches and nausea.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have sciatica in my hip quite frequently. This drug is the only reason I keep my sanity most days. Anyone who has ever had sciatica knows how extremely painful it is. Thanks to OxyContin, I can continue with a somewhat normal life during flare ups. I don’t honestly know what quality of life I would have without it.”2017Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have had chronic back and neck pain since 2002. I have had back surgery twice and neck surgery once.  I have tried a lot of different options and the OxyContin, Oxycodone combination has been the best for me. Since the onset of all this "Opioid crisis" has happen it has been harder and harder to get my meds. The old saying "don't let one bad apple spoil the whole bunch" says it all. That's what the government has done, let a few bad apples spoil the whole bunch. People that need these meds need them and with the way it is now doctors don't want to give them out. If I could I would get off them in an instance but my life is miserable without them from the pain I have so here I am, stuck getting what I can to get at least some relief.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Actually this is the most breakthrough med in this space that has been in a long time. There are a few post on here stating that there is a “euphoric blocker”, when in fact that is completely false. It is the exact same molecule as Oxy people...just it has the best abuse deterrent on the market. And for it or lasting for you 12 hours can be a variety of things. Your metabolism, body weight, etc. Everyone body processes meds differently. 
“No long term effects” have not been studied because it’s only been on the market for less than 2 years...not a strong argument. Look at the long term effects that on the oxy I’m assuming you want to be switched back too. Again SAME MOLECULE!”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Why are the reports for Public to read so jaded against the use of opiate medications? To many false reports of abuse in chronic pain patients are mixed with clearly reports of heroin abuse & deaths from heroin. My self & most chronic pain patients who are well educated on side effects before starting opiates all agree that the misuse of these Opiates would never enter our minds. When prescribed these drugs, it’s result is the re gift of our lives & functioning again.  It is something we’d never chance losing after suffering the complete loss of sanity from unending pain that effects our ability to function in every way that a normal human takes for granted of everyday, every minute of their day and of their life. I'm in my 17th years of receiving pain relief  fentenyl.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My last post was taken down. Been on this for a few months. Honestly we have to stop changing medicine that works, just because of the small percentage that abuse these drugs.
Side effects, dizzy, nausea, severe headaches, which I never had before. I feel numb to the world, tired, and still in pain. Also found out that long term effects of this drug have still not been studied, and there is a euphoric blocker in these, that stops you from experiencing well being. I get it, the well being is what addicts crave, but for people in chronic pain, well being is a good pain reliever, as moods effect our pain.  The medication is suppose to last 12 hours, they don't, they last about 5-6 hours, it also only takes the edge off the pain.”2017Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I recently had 3 very painful surgeries within 3 weeks. It's been a month & one week since my last surgery & I've been on Oxycodone IR 15mg every 3 hours (max 8 pills per day) ever since. I am a recovering heroin addict so this is a very slippery slope however i am now being tapered down VERY SLOWLY by one pill every 2 weeks until I can be off of them completely. I have a very patient & understanding pain mgmt dr. This med works extremely well as a pain reliever & is also very calming. I see the potential for addiction & the only downside is how fast tolerance develops. After a month & a half I feel like I need 30mg every 3 hours to do what 15mg did before but still it eases my pain & that is all that counts. I have zero side effects too!”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Been on this for months, just don't understand why I'm having side effects, as my doctor says everything is the same, just time release. The first 4 weeks head aches so severe I couldn't put in a full day.  I'm a secretary, so on computer screen all day. This is what gave me the head aches I believe, along with meds. I also got very nauseous, dizzy, and extremely moody. I put on 20 pounds once I was told to eat a fatty diet with this meal, as I guess the fats help breakdown the medicine, doctor never told me this, but helped a lot with being sick all the time. Doctor finally listened, as I was tired of being in a cloud all day. Also anxiety, and sleeplessness... This medicine may work for some, just not me..”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I am on my the end of my 1st week into my second week day two. Like most of you I cried in the doctors office for fear of the level of pain I’d have to endure daily.  My pain was as bad as all of yours. My first 4 days were awful then each day a bit better. I finally began taking 1/ 39 mg capsule  every 3/ 0.5 hours through 6 capsules day + 4 /10 mg breakthrough pain tablets. As the days past I found I needed less break through daily and my daily pain was controlled like never before. Don’t get me wrong I endure pain and not everyday is perfect. But yes I am very pleased and wish I tried them sooner. when my OxyContin began to die down within 5/6 hours.  The break through were more of a joke. 
Xtampza gave me my life back”2017For Pain:		“severe lower back pain, sicatica etc.  Pain management Doctor gave me injections in spine which made it worse. I finally found a great Doctor that went thru everything from lowest non narcotic to the fentynal patches. oxycodone has given me a life back, I take two 15 mg. tablets every 8 hours. they take 45 mins. to take effect for me. I can walk, do some things around house not just lay in bed..”2017For Pain:		“I used this during cancer treatment in 2015 to alleviate the sharp pain in my right lung (tumor). For the worst pain I was taking 2 X 40 mg/day. I was able to wean myself off it after about 6 weeks but now 2 years later the cancer has become active again, so I'll take 20 mg to see how I go. It does cause constipation.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Bone on bone left shoulder along with a torn rotator cuff.  Dr. has upped my dosage to 4 X 10mg. Daily., I have been taking 5 X 10mg. Daily for the pain.  I’m 310 pound 59 year old man, so the Oxycodone lasts for about 4.0/4.5 hours before it wears off.  It certainly helps with the pain, but does not totally get rid of it.  Yes I would endorse this product for pain management.
It does give me a dry mouth along with the constipation.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My advice would be to work with your doctor to find the appropriate dosage strength for your needs and also experiment with how often you take it (ie once in the morning for all day relief, or one cap in the morning and then another at midday). I also recommend to each this with high fat food. I've been told cottage cheese or yogurt helps. I think once you figured out the best way to take this drug, it works -- it certainly did for me. Be patient.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“This is this first and only time I will be taken this pill. It made me feel very out of it. I fell asleep for hours and couldn't remember anything. I have been on other brands of the oxycodone from 10mg-30mg and none has made me feel this way. WHY?????? No other medicines were mix with the dose. 
Not happy got a whole script  K 36 and Pink 10mg oxycodone. ”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“For me it lasts about 5 to 7 hours depending on what I am doing. It does help which is saying a lot for me as not much seems to help anymore. I am glad that I got the opportunity to use this. Thank you!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have widespread chronic pain and also extreme back pain from degenerative spine disease and joint disease in my back ( arthritis of the spine and arthritis of disks )  I take oxycodone 10 mg three times a day and it works amazing for my pain I also do physical therapy which keeps my pain medication intake at a good level and I don't find it to be very addictive at all.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Dose is two 36mg every 12 hours. Plus breakthrough meds. The xtampza doesn't last the full time so I've found that switching to 1 pill every 6 hours DOES WORK because there is a steady stream of meds plus the breakthrough as needed. Hope this will help.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I had a bulging disk and sciatica pain that was unbearable. I had my first surgery a disk discectomy on L5-S1. I got maybe 50% relief. Numbness was gone but still had all the back pain. Was sent to a pain management doctor, I was treated like a drug addict seeking pills. I fired him and thank goodness I found another compassionate caring doctor who treats me as a human being that is in pain. I have been on long term 60mg a day. 10mg every 4 hours. Oxycodone works to knock down the pain to tolerable levels. From a solid 8 down to a 2 on the pain scale. I have been on it so long that I do not get the high from it anymore, but the pain gets lowered to tolerable levels. I have since had a back fusion on that disk and have noticed I am getting better.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I've had head pain daily for two decades. I've tried hundreds of medications and numerous therapies. Thought I was just settling when I tried oxycodone for the first time but I have come to the conclusion it has made my life bearable and functionible.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I am a 67 year old female with  Fibromyalgia, Neuropathy, arthritis and degenerative disc disease.  I started using prescribed hydrocodone pain medication about 7 years ago.  I had a major surgery for a complex hernia.  I was placed on oxycodone and the doctor continued it due to all the other pain.  We tried several different medications.  Lyrica caused a seizure and, according to  medical records, I took my clothes off and was violent with the EMT's . Most medication has caused these strange effects.  Oxycodone is all that has worked.  The pain I have is bad enough that without relief I have suicidal thoughts. I can't live with the pain.  I take 40 mg LA and 60mg SA daily.  It is a miracle medication and terrified it will be discontinued.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Hurt my back when I was 24. Now here we are three fusions and 33 years later. The last fusion left me with nagging pain. I take 10 mg oxycodone 3 times a day (1 every 8 hours). At that dose, I can function normally. It doesn't mask the pain very well. It's better than nothing and at least I can still function normally.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“After being diagnosed with cancer back in 2004 I ended up taking 120 mgs. OxyContin twice a day, plus 90 mgs. a day Oxycodone for breakthrough pain, back then you could chew the OxyContin and get it all at once, they were a god send for me and made my pain bearable. My problem started when I’d chewed them, over the next few months my pain was almost gone, but told my Dr. the pain was increasing so I could continue getting them, it was then I found myself running out in two weeks, and having to buy them from less than reputable people. By my own choice I continued talking them in ever increasing doses, then went cold turkey and stopped for a while, I would use for a while then stop, and , it’s been like that since, when using I’m little more than a slave to them. I have no questions that my story is like thousands of others. I still think Oxycontin is the best choice for those in pain, and that this crack down on opioids is none of the FDA’s or the government’s business, it’s usage should be between you and your Dr. and the final choice is yours and no others, I would love to enumerate but this is not the place to editorialize.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“effective in controlling chronic back pain. A”2017For Pain:		“Broke my elbow in 2 places and fractured my pelvis. DR prescribed 10mg four times a day or for four weeks. Elbow never bothered me but the pain in my pelvis was unbearable. This did not relieve any pain. I stopped taking the oxycodone after 5 days and switched to scotch. The scotch worked wonders.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“20mg oxycodone tablets. I take 60mg 5 times a day and it's the only pain med that works and doesn't drag on you and steal your soul!!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Felt like sustained release and just made my stomach heavy with no relief of my pain.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Works well for me now after a pretty painful period of switching/washing me out of the oxycontin regimen I was on prior. give it time to get used to and should get similar results. After all, its the same drug just packaged differently.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone on and off for 5 years since my massive blood clot diagnosis in 2012, the only pill that works... the issue is I relocated to MD. to extended family after hurricane sandy hit and destroyed me in NY, I am treated like a drug addicted, drug dealing, drug abusing low life to the highest power but none of these terms pertain to me, before my diagnosis I was in the mainstream of society working over 30 years, now I'm on disability, my future funds are gone due to medical bills and am on Medicare and Medicaid, my pain is real, I've never been addicted to anything in my life and I monitor my medication closely because I am aware of the fact that I need pain medication longterm, lifelong or permanent as per my prognosis.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have Polycystic kidney disease (PKD) and the sheer size of my kidneys creates pressure pain that keeps me from sleeping.  This is the ONLY pain medication that has EVER worked for me.  Takes effect after about 30 minutes.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have syringomyelia, post traumatic type 2, thoracic back pain from bulging disks, polyneuropathy and chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy. I stared having the thoracic back pain in 2013 after a bad car wreck & I had been having numbness in my arms & hands before that wreck made it worse. An MRI discovered the cyst on my spinal cord (syringomyelia) &!the disk bulge.  I am too risky a candidate for surgery, tried other meds they didn't work or had horrible side effects and lost a job because of it. I got put on oxycodone 15 mg 4x a day:it worked great. Then had to switch doctors & got lowered to 50 a month, is cutting me off & if I don't find specialist soon pain & sickness will be unbearable & I'll be bedridden”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Works great for my massive pain (degenerative disc disease, spinal stenosis, facet joint disease, failed back surgery L4-L5 which took out my S1 disc, about 11 herniated discs from my neck down to my butt.  I would die without this medication, it subdues the pain for about 6 hours.  I also need bilateral knee replacements, left knee is bone on bone on the outside, along with a torn ACL and torn meniscus, right knee is bone on bone on inside.  Also I have bone spurs on each kneecap.  Let's just say my life is a living hell.  I just want to give up.

I feel no addiction to this medication, I have incredibly severe pain 24/7, nerve, bone and muscle pain all firing at once.  I wish I would just get cancer and die (:”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Been changed from oxynorm to shortec the packets are constantly pierced and tablets empty and doctors blame room temperature. Have moved them to various rooms and still having same issue”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Works well for me after finding dose that was equiv to the Oxy regimen I was on before being switched to this. Definitely recommend the diet recommended in directions, works better that way”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have had chronic lower back pain for over a decade. Insurance co made me switch to Xtampza from OC. First few weeks were a bit of a challenge because we had to find what dosage strength and dosing frequency was best for me. But once we got through this, I find the drug works well when I use as directed particularly as it relates to diet. Also have my backup of fast acting pills when I have breakthrough pain. I think people that say this drug doesn't work aren't being dosed appropriately or they have just been on high doses of OC alongside short-acting narcotics for so long that they are just too far along to be helped by anything new because your bodies have just gotten so used to your incredible high dose OC regimen. Sorry but push through”2017For Chronic Pain:		“After 2 spinal surgeries 9/23/16 & 5/18/17, I was prescribed Oxy 5mg 4 times a day, now Oxy 10mg 2 times a day. I am so very frustrated with these doctors who cut your body then dictate how you should and shouldn't be feeling after having these surgeries then refuse to provide you pain medications. Now with my insurance, it has become a nightmare trying to find a pain management doctor who would prescribe medications long term, I am forced to live with ongoing low back pain until my body decides it's healed and no longer need therapy. The meds work, and I only take it when needed. Most days I cry and isolate myself in pain just so that the remaining pain pills I have last me until I really need them...like when on a outing or doing chores.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Sun-caraco oxy's do not work!”2017Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Dazidox is instant release oxycodone tablets, and works very well. I take the 20mg tablet for breakthrough pain, haven't needed a dose increase in over a year, and actually works every time!! No complaints at all with the medication!”2017For Pain:		“Oxycodone.  And, my reaction to it. I had bilateral inguinal hernia surgery yesterday, June 21. All went well during the surgery and in recovery. Several hours later while resting at home, the soreness was getting to me. I decided to take one of the prescribed pills as the directions said take one or two  tablets every 4 hours for pain. I took it just before going to bed. And after perhaps 30 minutes had lapsed, I started to experience delusions of my body sinking into the bed, my body was sliding off the bed, thoughts of being suffocated,   and those were frightening enough  that I woke up Jane who assured me that “no, you are falling through the bed.” I was now awake when vivid images of extension ladders started dancing together and singing about “bilateral hernias.”  They were literally were swirling about the room in front of my eyes. Frequently,  I found myself staring at my raised arms while  my hands and fingers carried on incoherent sentences and conversations. At times while awake, the dimmed lights in the bedroom were dancing and I was carrying-on muttering conversations with myself. These awake experiences lasted for hours. They were not just uncomfortable and distressing, but frightening as well.  I have decided to not take another Oxycodone pill.        6/22/2017”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was given oxycontin after morphine tablets didn't do much for the pain I was in. 90mg SR morphine and topped up with oramorph throughout the day. Then transferred onto oxycontin which was prescribed for me in a 40+20mg dose of slow release and topped up with the liquid form for through the day, but when I needed a repeat prescription I was told that I wouldn't be given any more. Even though I had taken these for over two months and the morphine for the four months previously. After reading some of the articles I shouldn't have been taken off these straight away. So much for being professional doctors or just wanting to save money over patients welfare..”2017For Pain:		“To treat my breakthrough pain, I find that oxycodone is one of the more quicker working narcotic pain meds. Downside to that is I find it seems to wear off in no longer than 4 hours.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I first became disabled  in 1978
I was started on codeine and Darvon.
     the doctor alternated these every three months.
Around 1987 I was switched to Lortab.
Around 1997 I was switched to Oxycodone.
      Mainly so I would not have to take so much
      Tylenol.   (Tylenol has never helped me for anything)
I have successfully been taking Oxycodone since.
      I have never abused it. (I need it for severe pain)
       If I don't take it for a  day or two I kind of feel like
       I have the flu.  (this happens when I forget I  
       have medicine for the pain, I just sit and cry 
       until I remember or a friend asks me If  I  
       forgot again.) 
I have never had any withdrawal symptoms (except for the FLU symptoms).”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Oxycodone for almost 2 years now. I was prescribed 5mg as needed, before my major spinal surgery in 2016, and post-surgery I developed permanent nerve damage, cervical radiculopathy, and have degenerative disk disease. I now take Oxycontin 15mg 3x daily, and Oxycodone IR 15mg every 4-6hrs for breakthrough pain. Yes, you develop a tolerance, yes, it can be VERY addictive - but it WORKS, and relieves severe pain tremendously. Please take this responsibly - those that really need it, do not need to be pigeonholed, or treated as suspects. It's terrible. You deal with severe pain on a daily basis, and that in and of itself is a nightmare, then you have society caught in an epidemic - due to those that can't control themselves.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have been in construction for 42 yrs. And was in two car accidents in which I suffered broken neck. Upper vertebra broken. Lower back broken. 
 At a point I could no longer work thru the day. I need to still support my family as I'm not ready to give up. 
I have used Oxcodone . 10mg. Low dosage's . 
Without these medication I would not have been able to continue with a productive life. This overdose issue I get. But there are those of us that actually have benefited greatly from it.. Without I wouldn't even be able to make it a few hrs a day and end up in bed..”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Switched to oxycodone from hydrocodone for chronic neck pain. Was on hydrocodone for 3 years and it worked with the pain management great. Only thing that concerned me was having the acetaminophen in it and liver damage it could cause, so I talked to my Doctor and we agreed the oxy would be a better choice. It helps me get through the days of excruciating pain and lets me live normal life again.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Heavy/hard work all my life. Have been on oxycodone since '91. Not as effective now but.....wouldn't want to live without it. Never any side effects.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“It started making me sick when I first started taking these, I think  not from all the oxycodone they put in butI think it is from the fillers they use.? not quite sure.”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I am a double amputee with both hips totally replaced. Degenerative arthritis was the reason for the replacements. I am 64 and oxycodone 10mg. three times daily returned my life to me after 11 surgeries. Four months ago, my PCD (primary care doctor said he could no longer prescribe them. I have been in a wheelchair since the removal. Being in a nursing facility was my only option. I get to see a pain management doctor soon and hope I can get my meds back, along with my life.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Horrifying. The onset for Relief is 2 to 3 hours. Then it runs out of pain relief within 5 to 6 hours! If they are trying to hit the abusers make drug and alcohol treatment accessible!!! And the cost is  3 X's More than oxycontin...?!?!? Go figure....”2017For Chronic Pain:		“The brand shown worked very well for me.  Would only need one when in pain during the night.  I can manage the days but at night without this it would be no sleep and pacing all night  . Even a half worked well sometimes but other times I would have to take the other half. I suggest taking as little as possible to just ease the pain and nothing more.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking Oxycodone Acetaminophen 10-325 four times daily for approximately 15 years. This has worked wonderfully until 3 months ago. What I found strange is that at this same time the price for Oxycodone is now 30% less cost. Why decrease the cost of oxycodone if we have an epidemic? I'll tell you why, it's because they changed the formula. What I believe the pharmaceutical companies did was change how the drug is released in the body. For the past 3 months all I this medication does is get me high. Before the change it did not affect me in that way. Even doubling up on the med doesn't help for pain. All that happens is I get high. No wonder non-addicts are seeking out heroin.”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have taken this drug for over 20 years for chronic pain.
If I stop 1 person from starting this drug,  then this has been worth it.
Initially it was the best pain reliever I ever tried. Problem is it is very addictive and stops working. The only way to sustain relief is to increase the dosage. I started at 60 MG and wound up at 200mg. Unfortunately at that dosage over  the years causes brain cell deterioration.  Remembering things becomes difficult, like family functions.  In time you become a walking zombie and numb to everything around you. You will lose interest in life and become drug sick if you Don't take your pill on time. Your relief will no longer be there because it stops working after time. I am off now and have my life back.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Works better than percet..”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have had chronic pain since I was 14 (now 60). Have tried every RX suggested, multiple pain clinics, too many surgeries to count, exercise, meditation, acupuncture, hypnotherapy, with nothing gained but side effects or increasing tolerance. I have been taking Oxycontin for 10 yrs and have since been able to put the pain on a back burner and get back to my life. The 'pendulum swings' as they say, continued back & forth medical opinions on treatment of chronic pain. The insurance companies now seem to be in complete control again and cost becomes the number one consideration in prescribed treatment. Matters not what my Dr. says or recommends, the cost is such that as of this month I can no longer take Oxycontin. I am so tired, back to bed I go”2017For Pain:		“I have been using 5 milligram oxycodone 30 milligrams a day for 10 years straight. No addiction issues no craving more it still works. I've got C3 through C6 bulging discs in different directions. I don't crave more I find it if you take it when your body dip takes the pain in other words just because it's 8 a.m. there's no reason to take 10 milligrams my bottle says 10 milligrams every 8 hours for pain. But if it's 6 a.m. I Take 5 milligrams and then I don't need another pill so later as long as I do not ever take more than 30 milligrams in 24 hour. By doing this I've been able to maintain pain relief and not need anymore the medication is still effective. Not all people are addicts”2017For Chronic Pain:		“For me oxycodone works great. It's not the best drug out there but it helps. I have chronic back pain for over 15 months and finally doctors are letting me try this. For me it helps, it gets me moving, it gets me walking and I can finally sleep. It works really fast . Most of the time within 17_30 mins. Keeps my pain away for over 3 hours which is not bad. I have arthritis in my back plus my spine is narrow. Not much else to say. Oxy helps me 90 percent of the time. I have nothing bad to say about it.”2017For Pain:		“Following my surgery, I was given Oxycodone instead of Percocet "to protect my liver ".  Oxycodone had an immediate effect that lasted just 30 minutes, and then the pain returned each time. What was worse is the psychotropic effect of this drug on me. While taking Oxycodone for 4 days, I was depressed, restless and constantly brooding about the ills and suicides of others.  Oxycodone was very bad for me, and it's psychotropic and near-hallucinatory components must be exposed. I switched to Tylenol with Codeine and felt back to myself the following morning.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This is incredibly overpriced garbage!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I find this drug very helpful with pain and also to help me be more ambulatory”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have five neurological conditions, spinal and cervical stenosis, depression and anxiety.  It took 3 years to find a Dr. in Boston to give me Oxycodone.  Works well except for constipation.  Took 5 MG's 2 x daily.  Can't get them anymore because of addicts.  Now bedridden and miserable.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Hey there, I was on oxycodone 30 mg and oxymorphone 20 mg ER for 7 years . In western New York there has been a horrible problem with these meds in particular. They then tried to switch me to the fentynal patch and percocet for breakthru, WHAT A NIGHTMARE. Dr. was finally convinced to put me back on my oxy s. I could not get out of bed or have any kind of life without them. Going to be back performing again on Broadway this fall. Thank GOD for Oxy's.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've had myofacial pain syndrome/fibromyalgia for 16 years. Been taking 10 mg oxycontin 3 x/day and 15 mg roxycodone 4x per day. Physician dosed only 18 mg 2x/day. I could feel some pain relief, but lasted only 4-5 hours and I was dizzy the whole month. As dose wasn't high enough, I had to use all my "rainy day" meds saved over time to compensate. Reps need to help physicians better understand the dosing procedure.   I too will ask to go back on traditional meds. 

Also, eating a "high fat" meal first thing in morning is really difficult to face. (Per package insert, high fat meal increases some of the chemicals associated w/ maximizing relief)”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Scheduled for knee replacement mid March. Surgeon, contacted by me, for extreme pain in left knee making walking, sitting, standing, sleeping, etc. very difficult. He responded by contacting local pharmacy requesting a prescription for me ordered as Roxicodone 5 mg tablets, 40 pills. Have only been on medication for 24 hours and so far have seen NO improvement in the pain level. I have tried everything I know to compensate for the pain but, the pain has increased in intensity. In fact, I'm writing this memo at 6:30 a.m. so as not to wake my husband who is sleeping quite soundly after being up with me for several nights trying everything he knew to help me get to sleep! In addition to the oxycodone, I've tried tramadol and hydrocodone.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Mallenkrodt Oxycodone 5 MG for 3 years and they worked perfectly until November of 2016. They've been horrible since then and cause jitters, don't work, cause withdrawal symptoms 4-5 hours after taking them, & are suspiciously bad. 

The problem is the drug company and Walgreens try to convince people these side effects and sudden drastic changes in the way the pills work are in the head of the patient and bully them into fearing looking like a drug seeker. The FDA also doesn't care if they work right because they want to scare people into not using them. 

I seriously feel helpless and am so frustrated by the shadiness of all companies/parties involved. Steer clear of Mallenkrodt”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have stenosis with degenerative disk disease. On low dose and have not had surgery. xtampza is better than not having any pain relief but not by much. Very slow onset, lasts perhaps 8 hours (same as oxycontin) and unpredictible relief depending on diet.”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have severe lower back pain. It's mechanical and stretching helps 
but it's not enough to stop this kind of pain.

I started on bupe but it was not enough. I tried Oxycodone at 10mg not helping. OxyContin that lasts many hours at around 40mg works. If I do stuff around the house or walk for a while I need to take 20mg oxycondone on top. I have done this for two years. I think this is a good drug. However, I'm thinking about going back to bupe as the stretching may have helped over the last year. I won't know unless I try.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Very helpful for headaches which I suffer from daily.”2017OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“For Chronic Pain: I take 40 mg oxycontin 3 times per day. I had c3-c7 laminectomy, fusion, two plates. Degenerative disc disease, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, severe spinal stenosis, regional pain syndrome, bulging disks at t4-t5 and pinched spinal cord in 3 places with severe nerve damage. I was on Morphine Sulfate 30mg for 3 years, now I take the oxycontin with occasional breakthrough meds. I have found 90% of the time, if I take my meds at the same time every day it works just fine, with the occasional bad day here and there. Overall it has worked well for me. I have been on it for a year now.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“This drug works great”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Did not notice any relief in pain.  I did develop welts on my face, hot eyeballs, itching like crazy, nauseated most of the times.  I also felt as though I constantly had the flu.  I would like to back on Norco 10/325 x 6/day or oxycodone 15mg /6 day.  oh- severe constiptation. Really disappointed!!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have a lot of pain from neck surgery and a list of back problems that have changed my life like so many of you understand. My problem is that I have taken 30 mg a day for 11 years and it just does not work anymore. I can't get a higher dose or a change that might help because its something new. It helped at first but I just want to stay home and do nothing. I feel hopeless for the future and just don't know what to do . No Dr. wants to give these drugs”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Was given oxycodone about a week ago for severe abdominal pain and let me tell you! The headaches I'm experiencing now are so horrible that I can't function. The pain still is present and I've become nauseated all the time! Going to GI tomorrow and pray they give me an alternative pain medication until they can find out what's causing my abdominal pain”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pelvic pain from endometriosis and chronic back pain (lumbar radiculopathy, spinal stenosis, bulging and dried out discs) that began after tearing a ligament near my spine. I was prescribed one 40mg ER tablet every 12 hours. While it did reduce my pain to a 3 from an 8, it also gave me a horrible headache, made me nauseated, caused me to feel hot, and made me sweat. After only 3 days on this "medicine," I had to stop taking it because I could not tolerate  those horrid side effects. The only reason I gave it a 3 out of 10 is that it did relieve the pain, but the benefits did not outweigh the nasty side effects. This stuff seemed like pure poison to me. TAKE THIS MEDICATION WITH EXTREME CAUTION”2017Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Absolutely terrible medicine!! Does nothing for pain.  Ibuprofen 800 is about the  equivalent. Not to mention constipation. Asked to be lowered from these to 5mg regular oxycodone & my doc wouldn't do it. Needless to say I'm in the process of finding a new doctor. If you have a choice between Oxyado & anything else opt for the latter.”2017For Pain:		“I am a 53 year old Mom with an 11 year old daughter. I suffer with lower back pain from L4 disc surgery in Sept '16 and fibromyalgia. Advil just does not touch the pain and it also triggers acid reflux. Hydrodone made me severely nauseous. 
Oxycodone is the ONLY pain medicine that gives me relief. It does not make me sleepy or cause acid reflux. I DO take a stool softener on an every other day basis to prevent constipation & that works. Previously I had been on it for 2 years prior to surgery for sciatic nerve pain. After surgery I had NO problem weaning off. If you wean slowly, 1/2 pill reduction at a time, it's not an issue. It has been a lifesaver for me.”2017Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have had chronic back pain for 35 years, Consisting of 7 lumbar surgeries, fusion with steel and titanium rods and screws.  
    I have had numerous pain Doctors prescribing numerous pain meds.  I considered the meds to be successful if they stopped 1/2 the pain.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“This medication provides more consistent relief than any medication, treatment, or intervention I have tried.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Not only eases pain but also seems to ease the concomitant depression and improves mood.”2017