For Chronic Pain:		“I have MS,& suffer from chronic pain. I have been on & off oxy/condone/contain for the last 20 years. Currently I am taking 300 mg oxy codons and 80 mg of. OxyContin a day to manage my pain- do to the tolerance I've built up over the years. My doc unilaterally decided that he wanted to lower my doses- I asked him why, & he had no answer- without them, I'm a bedridden man , and am unable to function- in one visit he cut my dose in half- very dangerous for my MS- so I went to my neurologist, who understands more about the illness.  He took over my care- I'm not talking to you abusers who take them to get high with no medical reason.  It is  because off you , that it makes it difficult on us who actually need them for pain”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Fell off roof working. Fractured pelvis plus five bulging lower back discs and two hernias. Started 15 mg oxycodone 5x day went straight back to work as a roofer. After five months on that dose now on 30 mg oxycodone 5x  day. Able to work and tolerate constant pain. Being a roofer sucks but at least I can do it pain free .”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Would be nice if you could remove the ingredients that make it time release”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Very good, the only bad experience is trying to get the prescription filled. A lot of pharmacies wound fill for certain Doctors. The DA makes a list of Doctors the that have a lot of patients and start giving them a hard time and tell the Pharmacies not to fill for them. But they don't realize that there aren't enough Pain management Doctors in certain areas especially in clinics for the poor.   So too many people especially the elders have to go through life in chronic pain.  ”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Really helps get rid of my pain. Allows
me to function comfortably; since It makes me almost completely pain free, I sleep line a teenager. Prior to using this med, I used to wake up hourly because of pain. My only bad effect is that I get itchy every once in awhile.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“It works fast! For me, it does not last long. For awful lower back pain tramadol actually works better. However, if I need extra relief while on tramadol, Oxy really can help... but not for long.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“At first it was ok for my severe lower back pain. This was on 5mg but it only lasted the first night. Then I needed 20mg and that was ok for 16 weeks and now I pop 20mg and I feel nothing after about 30 mins!”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was in a near fatal car accident when I was 18, I was on Morphine for 6 months. After 30 years it is catching up to me. I am in some pain now most of the time. With Oxycodone I am able to make it through the day, and work. Caution during use, if used for over 90 days, dependency could occur easily. Please be aware of this.”2015For Pain:		“Awesome help in all day function with Hemicrania Continua headaches (unremitting and fluctuating in severity all day long, 24/7, 365 days a year for 12 years thus far.)”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“2x10mg a day for fibromyalgia pain. It is not perfect, but takes the edge off.”2015Percolone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Works well , but only short time .
Maybe. 2 hours max...

I'm a recent liver transplant patient 7 wk. post-op.”2015Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After working with the top Doc in the field of Pain Management  (Philadelphia ) for years, I ended up on Roxicodone.  We literally tried everything available/appropriate before resorting to narcotics.  Some things worked for a while & then stopped, some meds caused awful side effects.  Roxicodone works well for me;it doesn't provide 100% relief, but is better than other things I've tried.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed because of my car accident. Broken ribs, fractured skull, and fractured back. Spinal fusion. (Titanium)

It's very hard to come off. Take precaution.Taking warm baths throughout the day is helping.  I feel really agitated and taking ibuprofen and naproxen to help with the body pain. Very moody. Sun exposure and walks also help. You can do it. Find your motivation . Hope this helps. I know it's hard. 

P.s it will get worse before it gets better.”2015For Pain:		“worked better than Dilaudid when my elbow went septic and I almost lost my arm...made the pain less so I wasn't feeling like death...”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Fell 33 feet in a mall working. I broke a total of 16 bones. Was taken 30 mg 8 times a day and 15 mg oxy's 4 times a day. On top of that 2 mg xanax a day. I need something stronger maybe morphine. I have permanent nerve damage in foot and ankle. I been on this dosage for 3 years and have no intentions on stopping. Maybe medical marijuana would be better but I will not stop taking pain pills.NEVER.I WILL DIE ON MEDICATION.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I was in MMA class the  Next minute 4 things in my knee snapped. So for 3 months got put on Oxy 5 mil. In bed for 3 months with chrutches and cast on. For my weight I required 2 pills at once so between 5_15 mins pills worked . only downside pills only lasted in me for 1_2 hours then I need more. Yes these pills 100 percent work on me and definitely would help other people in same condition depending on conditions. Did i get Addicted no.... Only take this medication when you have pain or what doctors tell u it is a very very high pain killer. PS can lead to death if taken wrong or too much”2015For Pain:		“Helped very well for pain after liver transplant.  Only took for a month.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Hey! I've been been in 4   road accidents and has a neck fracture of the second cervical vertebra, and severe pain in his back and legs.  I have been taking oxycontin for about 1 and a half years.”2015For Pain:		“I'm 20 years old and have been suffering from severe testicular pain for the past 9 months. Not to mention pelvic and groin pain as well, all from a sports injury. While I recover, my Pain Management has put me on Oxycodone 10 mg four times a day (along with extended-release morphine). I can't tell you how much Oxycodone has been a lifesaver when it came to bringing down the severe episodes of breakthrough pain I have. Really lowers it on a tolerable level so I can function! I tried Tramadol and Vicodin prior to this, which provided very limited relief. But I really trust this medication. Highly recommended for any male suffering from severe testicular pain - and any pain patient in general.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Almost no pain after taking it and a great amount of energy”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on these for many years not just for worn out knees and OA. I also have restless leg syndrome which they work in 15 minutes where all other RLS meds fail me. God bless cause if you have RLS you know how terrible it can be. They help me rest so I can make it to work the next day. A++”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I've been in 4 car accidents in 9 yrs here in LA. The last accident they cut me from my vehicle. I was ran into by a drunk driver. 3 bulging disc in my neck and 5 in my lower back and all of ligaments torn on my lower left back. I was in agony. I couldn't sleep, sit and standing and walking had me hunched over like a little old lady. The doctors started out with 10/325's. I ate those like candy. Finally the pain mgt specialist gave me 10 mg oxycodones twice a day. Those worked but they upped the dosage to 20mg twice a day. I finally got back into the pool last week and swam for 30 mins. I was so happy I cried. This medicine has helped me so much.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Was prescribed oxi due to back pain. Never took meds in the last 30 yrs of my life. I took only one of these and I'm laying on a gurney right now. Suffered a minor stroke. If it wasn't for my wife and her dillegence to call 911 id be dead right now. Watch the documary on Oxi then decide whether this drug is safe. The list of side affects is longer than my arm. Be wise and prudent before you decide to swallow any meds. Be safe”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I had three surgeries in 3 weeks and oxy really kept the pain under control. I have since run out and the Dr. doesn't want to refill so I'm now suffering along with only Tylenol. :)”2015For Pain:		“Have been on oxycodone 30 mg for about 4 years,have DDD and anular radial tear.. Basically my back is wrecked.. Tried all other types of meds but none made my life worth living again like the oxycodone.. Although I'm prescribed 5  a day I find some days don't need all 5..wish ppl would not abuse meds because have made it hard for the ones who do!”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Relief from fybro & arthritis”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have Fibromyalgia and major back problems.  Recently,  I visited the ER for my back, and they gave me Tylenol 3, which did nothing for my pain. I went to the doctor a few days later and told him I need something stronger, and he prescribed me 10mg of oxycontin twice per day.  I can only tolerate  taking one per day (any more makes me throw up), but since starting this medicine,  it has significantly reduced my all around pain levels by at least  85%! I am grateful for this medicine.”2015For Pain:		“it does help”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Have never taken anything better for pain, and have tryed them all highly recommend them.10mg every 4 hours”2015OxyIR (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Works well for my condition.”2015Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've delt with chronic pain the last 11 years, since I was 23. And as anyone with chronic pain knows, it's never going to completely go away.  We just want a break, some type of relief from the constant agony.

In the wiiiide variety of opiod pain meds, roxicodone has brought me the most consistent pain relief paired with my muscle relaxer (Baclofen). I swear I've tried just about everything,  trying to find that "happy medium" I personally try to find the least amount of medication I need to be on to function. These seem to do that for me, aside from fentanyl patches and then a med for break thru. 

Everyone is a bit different though, and our tolerance for medications and how our body metabolizes it varies as well.  But for me, it works!!”2015Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I noticed that a side effect or roxicodone is body aches and pains.  The reason I am taking it is because of chronic, severe body aches and pains, especially in my lower back and legs.  Is the remedy causing the problem?  I guess I will never know because my insurance company will not pre-authorize an MRI.”2015For Pain:		“7.5/300 Vicodin = 15mg Generic Oxycodone
Not very effective for torn ankle ligament”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've had a chronic pain for over 9 years now due to fibromyalgia and rheumatoid after I had a neck fusion back in 2005. Every day I hav a lot of pain that I couldn't get out of bed without takin my med first. I'm on OxyContin 20 mg 2 a day every 12 hrs. and Percocet 10/325 4 a day for break through. OxyContin doesn't work for me real good it'll last about  3 to 4 hours then I have to take Percocet after for breakthrough to help my pain some more. So altogether with this 2 medication I still have a lot of pain that I'm coping with. I wish the doctor would increase the OxyContin but he doesn't want to so I have to live with all this pain everyday for almost 10 yrs. now, you know it's real bad to live with chronic pain everyday. SomeoneHelpMe.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have back pain that I have had for over 25 years. As I get older it gets worse on a scale of 1 to 10. Without this med I have an on going 9 to 10 pain level  and with my medication my level drops to 6 to 7. This makes the difference in whether  I need to get help getting to the bathroom or  whether  I can get out of bed and care for myself. If my dose were a little stronger I could do more but a day at a pain scale of 6 is a wonderful day, 7 is an ok day, 9 and 10 not worth waking up.”2015For Pain:		“Great”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I've been SUFFERING from RSD since 1995.Currently prescribed 10mgs methadone 4x per day and Percocet 15mgs up to 5 per day.of course my body has been soooo dependent on this dose it's NOT working any longer. Dr refuses to increase my dose. Anyone have RSD and on something different I might suggest to my dr that I change to?? I really need someones help please”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Some uncomfortable side effects like constipation. Other than that, the drug does an ok job with my Rheumatoid Arthritis pain.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have tried many pain meds that had so many adverse effects until Oxycodone .I take 4 -30mg.tabs a day for the past 6 yrs.This has been a really good therapeutic pain reliever for me this unlike a lot of pain pills doesn't seem to lose it potency over time. I'm 65 yrs.old I have chronic crippling Rheumatoid arthritis as well as Diabetes neuropathy pain this medicine has helped do much.The biggest problem is finding a pharmacist  that will fill the prescription. I'm am lucky to have a pharmacist that will.I don't worry about being reliant on this as long as I can fill it & take as directed.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Not helping pain!”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm 19 years old and have been suffering from severe testicular and groin pain for the past 5 months, due to a sports injury. It prevented me from doing the things I had previously loved doing, I couldn't go back to school, and I'd be in bed all day. But now that my pain doctor has put me on OxyContin 20 mg twice a day, I feel like I'm getting my life back. This medication keeps my pain at bay. Before, I'd be going through an average of 8/10 pain everyday, but OxyContin miraculously brings it down to a 2-3! I really mean it when I say OxyContin is a Godsend for a male who's going through testicular pain caused by numerous problems. Best of all it doesn't make me tired so I can properly function throughout the day!”2015Oxyfast (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've used the 20 mg per ml oral concentrate at a dose of 30 mg on an as needed basis for control of severe breakthrough pain suffered as a result of Kyphoscoliosis (of unknown etiology) with Morphine Sulfate (ER) 200 mg tabs 3 times per day for chronic pain. I've never had a failure of the medication to control an episode of breakthrough pain. Usually, it takes 10 to 20 minutes for the medication to completely control the pain no matter how severe it may be.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I got into a bad auto accident and got put on Oxycontin 40mg twice a day and it has been working great for months.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“The extended release Oxycontin works the same for pain relief as Percocet, but with barely any side effects.  Doesn't make me nearly as foggy or give me that euphoric feeling that Percocet does.  I can focus better during the day and sleep through the night without waking up needing more pills.”2015For Pain:		“I have been taking Oxycodone 30 mg for about 4 years now.  I have chronic pain issues (arthritis, scoliosis, neuropathy, bulging disc, bone spurs and many other pain causing conditions).  I also have been diagnosed as having rectal cancer Oct of 2014.  I have had only one bad side effect with this medicine and that is constipation. I now take Miralax every day and I no longer have constipation.  This medicine does take away the pain.  I am glad I no longer take Vicodin as it was wrecking my liver and kidneys because of the Acetaminophenin.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have a bullet lodged in my back near my spine, this medication is very helpful in relieving the pain but use with caution I would not recommended this for daily use regardless of the severity of your pain.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I would not be able to function on a daily basis without this medication.  I have been taking it for a few years now post lower back surgery.  I take 10/325 at least four times a day for breakthrough pain, because my Opana ER doesn't really kill my sciatica.  I don't know how I would do my job without taking pain management medicines.  I had been taking Endocet brand, and now the pharmacy has changed brands and I don't think the new brand works as well.”2015Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Best pain medicine on market for relief for around 5-6 hrs.”2015For Pain:		“I recently snapped my fibula in half in a bicycle accident. I went a few days without any sort of real pain medication and was in extreme pain. I went back to the doctors and he gave me this medication. The pain has certainly deceased quite a bit. It helps to take this with food.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I'm on 3-20Mg Oxycontin and 8-10Mg oxycodone a day. I feel so much better now. I have 3 bad disc in my upper back and also 3 bad disc in my lower back. I used to be on 3 time release morphine and 6 x 10mg Lortab.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Good for breakthrough pain..take 7 of the 30mg a day and use 2-75mcg of the Fentanyl Patches as well for Extended Relief. It has been my best regimen so far and I've tried a lot of different kinds and combination to ease my pain. It's hard though because you can tell how much it helps when you miss a pill.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Have been on pain meds a long time for various injuries and such.  But, most recently for an arthritic condition that necessitated the replacement of both hips of which rendered me utterly handicapped.  I could walk only with a walker, but had no moment without pain.  After the operations (both accomplished with 10 weeks) I am walking without a walker and am so grateful to the Lord for sustaining me and guiding me to the exact surgeon who performed my hip replacements without a flaw.  Now that my joy is full and the pain as subsided, I discovered that I have arthritis in my right shoulder.  I took myself off of Oxycontin 30 mg x 2 a day, and now ingest 20 mg IR X 3 a day for the shoulder.  Great to be alive!”2015Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been given many choices for my breakthrough pain medication while being on methadone but I have always stuck with the oxycodone. I chose oxycodone without Tylenol because Tylenol causes major GI upset since I suffer from Gastroparesis (delayed stomach emptying). I find it to be very effective in the combination I'm on, the only downside of oxycodone I find with myself is that if it's taken by itself it can cause insomnia which I find to be very annoying.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This helped during oral surgery but made me sleepy...it did not help at all post surgery for rotator cuff surgery and gave me migraines. I felt like a zombie and had lucid dreams.”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Initially it was beneficial in easing my chronic pain until I had a recent back operation. Now I am being brought down from a dosage of 120mg per day & now down to 25mg per day. Coming off it has been particularly stressful coping with the withdrawal factor but I have recognized the withdrawal symptoms & learning to cope with them on a daily basis with the help of my GP who has also become my counselor & is helping me with this painful regression of dosage. It has been a period of 4 mths so far & I am hopeful of being totally free of the medicine within that same time frame. Although it helped me to get through the pain until the operation, it has been a very painful process of withdrawal.  If possible, an alternative medication would be advisable”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Have been taking oxycodone IR 15 mg for almost 3 years now one tablet every four hours for chronic pain.  It helps for my back pain.  If it was not for this medication I would not be able to work. I have had very few side effects...mainly slight itching.  It has helped me so much.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Chronic pain”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Fractured left humerus & greater trochanter. Much difficulty sleeping, this medicatin helpful in controlling the pain”2015OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Oxycontin for 8 months. I take it to help with RSD pain in my shoulder that radiates all down my arm and into my hand. I have trouble taking high doses of nerve medications like gabapentin, so a narcotic is necessary. It definitely helps a lot. However, it does not last 12 hrs. I have oxycodone for breakthrough pain. I also have tried taking 3 doses of Oxycontin a day (per Drs orders) and that keeps it from running out. The problem with a triple dose is drowsiness; I started to have trouble tolerating that. But, overall this has been a lifesaver for me.”2015