OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“They don't work. I take 7.5 mg of percocet for break through pain. I've been in agonizing pain for a year. Possibly having surgery soon. Any suggestions to talk to my dr about . This is horrible with no quality of life.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic back pain from degenerative disc disease. I have disc herniations from L-2, L-3 down to L-5, S-1; along with spinal stenosis-different moderations depending on the disc and spinal arthritis. To answer someone's question about how many OxyContin 80 ER pills can be prescribed per day. Legally, the answer is 4- 2 in the morning and 2 at night-which is what I receive; at one time they made 160mg OxyContin but they are no longer produced in the US.  To whomever said they were prescribed 8 of them a day- illegal or not from the US. It is an extended release medication meant to last 12 hours. I will be the first to say when they switched to the new for Formula, I didn't feel as though they were as effective and went from 2-4.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking oxycodone for roughly 5 years....I've gone a few weekends without it before because I've ran out but never experienced any withdrawal symptoms.  It works great if you take it exactly when you need to and don't exceed your prescribed amount or take it early.  I've been living with chronic pain for years...have had a complete joint replacement on one side and and anchor placed on the other side of my jaw. The surgeries help immensely but I'll still always be in pain.  Been taking the same dosage of 10mg 3x a day for the 5 years and yes my body is used to the effects so it doesn't work as well but it works well enough and I refuse to take a higher dosage or more pills per day because...well let's face it..this medicine is scarey”2016Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“HORRIBLE medication. This is my first review for anything but I felt I had to say something. I was on oxycodone 10/325 for years for chronic pain and never had a problem with side effects. Since being on Oxaydo, from day one, I've felt sick. Stomach pain and burning, nausea, constipation, horrible headaches and bouts of dizziness not to mention I'm in more pain now than ever. I've barely left the house since I started this crap. While I think an abuse-deterrent is a great idea, something is not right with this medication.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“herniated disc at L5-S1. I take 30mg a day and it works great for me.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I suffer with severe chronic neck and back pain from herniated disc, lumbar lateral recess stenosis, cervical stenosis, osteoarthritis of the facet joints, and nerve damage etc. This medicine gives me better quality of life than I wouldn't be able to live if I didn't have it. It gives me the ability to get up and have a somewhat normal day as as normal as it will get without this medicine I would be bedridden”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“i am trying to get info on what the max dose should be-I was on eight 80mgs a day-new dr brought me down to three-its not enough-I have been pleading with him for 6 months now-I have been taking them since they first came out and 900 mgs of morphine b4 that-broke my back at 14 I have 6 fused vertebrae with 2 9" herrington rods in my back-2 collapsed discs and full of arthritis I run out early every week I am 65-did all the other things -steroids hydro therapy etc etc-name it I tried I just need 1 pill back per day-any advice?”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I was taking 10 mgs of oxycodone worked great till pharmacy changed manufacturers and the new one knocked me out lost my memory couldn't function .”2016For Pain:		“I have been on 4-5, 15 mg oxycodones a day for the last 2 yrs and I finally have my normal life back. The prior 12 yrs I was in and out of the ER and hospital more than I can count, I just know in 2014, I was in and out a total of 14 times, with a GI surgery and in 2004- 2006 it was about 128 days total with a surgery.  I have a very odd birth defect in my GI system. Without the pain killers, I would end up in the ER 1-9  days every couple of weeks with level 10+ abdominal pains that would cause uncontrollable vomiting for more than 11 days at a time. No fluids would stay down, nothing. I would be bedridden to the point the paramedics would have to come carry me out the house to the ER.”2016For Pain:		“I take these occasionally for breakthrough pain, but I am prescribed tramadol for everyday chronic pain. I get almost instant relief from oxycodone and when its been about 30 minutes its completely effective, the pain is completely gone, which is a little different than tramadol. Tramadol takes about an hour to kick in. In my own experience I strongly suggest you understand the extreme risk of addiction of this drug, I know too many people that decided they were done with oxycodone for something more potent, and develop some dangerous (and very sad) habits. If your doctor wants to prescribe it, ask questions about the drug and don't take more than prescribed by your Doctor.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking oxycodone, 15mg tabs, 4 times a day, for a couple of years, for severe joint, neck, & back pain.  My Doctor says this is the maximum dose for the drug.  I am a 300 pound, 5' 6'', 75 year old, male.  The medicine works at about 85% to 90% level, for about 4 hours for me.  I think I need to increase the dose to every 4 hours or 6 hours a day or move up to 20mg tablets.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I can't believe reading about people taking dosages above 10 mg.  I had 3 back surgeries and 45 radiations. My entire back is rods and screws.  I never took more than 7.5mg. Twice a day.  To hear someone needs 60mg is crazy.  Unless your on your death bed. I couldn't even imagine getting more than 20mg”2016Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Itchy, itchy! I've found opioids analgesics are the best for my chronic pain.  Roxicodone caused pruritis for me. That might not seem like a big deal. However, when dealing with pain that's been constant for years, a side effect like non stop itching is one more thing that magnifies the pain. Then there's pain, itching, and more loss of sleep.

There were a couple of remedies. The doctor rxing a different medicine. Or taking an antihistamine to overcome the itching. 

In today's current anti-opioid environment, doctors seem more likely to throw up their hands, and say, "Well I guess you're just not a good candidate for opioids!" Which just isn't true. Switching worked like a charm for me.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I just submitted this page! Don't know why it came back to me!  I did NOT even have a life before this particular medication was prescribed to me! But one thing I do know is that i got MY LIFE BACK! I am not bed ridden anymore. .& now..i can go back to watching & keeping all 6 of my grandchildren again for the summer! I can now enjoy them instead of concentrating on my CHRONIC PAIN!! Thank u dr mckeel!!!!”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Oxy ER 20mg 3x day plus up to 8 Oxy IR 5mg for the past 7 years.  It has been a Godsend for me.  I was in bad car accident in 2008 in which I suffered from a bruised spinal cord plus it worsened already bad Degenerative Disc Disease,Arthritis and Spinal Stenosis. In June 2009 I had a spinal fusion on my neck levels 5-7.  After both I was left with horrible arm , shoulder and neck pain and mobility issues in my neck.  I work a lot on the computer and meeting with people,  If not for the medication I would not be able to work.  I still have some pain but it is more of a tolerable background pain instead of a full nerve toothache  Please folks use responsibly, many of us need it to live and function. I worry it will go away”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking Oxycodone, 60mg every 4 hours pretty much around the clock now for several years. I've been lucky and haven't suffered bad side effects. I've suffered from severe back pain from trauma, (car accident), 2 hip replacements, & most recently & worst of all RSD/CRPS from shattering my wrist last year. My doctor says that Oxycodone does'nt work for nerve pain, only musculoskeletal pain. I think it takes the edge off so I can function. Otherwise I'd be curled up in a ball in the corner somewhere. I tried Gabapentin and Neurontin but the side effects made me crazy. My doctor says that I'm on too much every month when I see her, and because I am addicted, I'm afraid she'll take me off the medication. It just works too well for me.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have displaced discs and chronic disc degeneration and chronic pain throughout my cervical spine with shooting nerve pain all the way down through my buttocks and arms.  Taking Oxycodone helps tremendously. Works well with Neurontin.  Sometimes need to take a Naproxen to keep ahead of the pain, and anyone with chronic pain knows that you will never always stay ahead of the pain.  A word of advise: don't overdo it and get up to a higher dose if you can help it because getting back down to a lower dose means that you will have to "vacation" and experience horrible pain to get the tolerance controlled again. That said, Oxycodone is a wonderful medication.  Please don't use this recreationally. Real sufferers need this medication.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Not good”2016For Pain:		“My sig other was being given roxy 30s  daily by his friend and partner at work. His wife and he were both prescribed 180 a mo. At first my man was flying he worked 8-18hrs a day  on call for weeks at a time on top of his 40-60hr schedule. it was insane. Then his friend started smoking them and didn't have the extras very much anymore. This is where HELL came into our life. My man was addicted no script. He was miserable sick and in fear of the awful sickness that loomed constantly. He was mean. They both deteriated and lost their jobs eventually. It ripped our family apart. When my guy  was let go he payday loans so deep they took his entire paycheck. His friend died on his bathroom floor last year. Our family was torn apart.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“5years diagnosed. 6 years pain before diagnosis.  I'm on disability.  I'm taking 3 15 mg Oxy.  I take 2 the first hour & one more mid afternoon.  I also have 30 Valium available a month. The Valium can boost the Oxy a bit.  I also use 5% Lidocaine patches, a struggle to get but worth it.  I'm gonna need more Oxy soon and I know it will be a battle.  ”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Oxy helped me 120% as the pain would instantly leave me... It was hard getting some as my Dr stopped prescribing but then another gentleman who's contact I got from an acquaintance all the way from Canada helped me out and that was how I got me a fresh supply of some very potent generics from home... He could be reached here.. drtony6 artgmale d0tc0m”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've had orbital implants,kneck surgery, and I am a juvenile diabetic since I was a year old now I'm 50. the pain in my head,kneck, and right arm and the neuropathy in both feet r very very painful. I've been on doxycycline x 6 yrs. it works great but if your treating chronic pain take it when it's time don't wait till pain it at its worse it works consistently better.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was in a severe ATV accident when I was 15 (am now 18), and have currently had 26 surgeries mostly on my right hand. Once I was released a few months later, docs basically turned me from a 3 sport athlete to a living zombie. I was taking over 25-30 different medications everyday; mostly pain meds. I remember just poping them like candy. I was on 80mg of MS Contin x4 a day, 30mg oxycodone x5, 30mg morphine x3, 100mcg's fentanyl, 2mg Xanax x3, 4mg x4 Dilaudid and numerous other anti-depressants that I am still on to this day. I don't understand how doctors can prescribe such obscene amounts of opiates when it's pharmastists who study drug interactions as their profession. Am currently working to become a 3 fingered anesthesiologist :)”2016For Chronic Pain:		“It's definitely a good breakthrough medicine. I  also take 30 mg ms contin 2x a day with 5 mg oxycodone 4x as needed. I feel it works for about 6 months to a year.”2016For Pain:		“So far the best when it comes to pain... Only quite addictive from the little research ive been able to put together so far and it's starting to freak me out a little bit but so far it's all good since I met my new Dr after the last one started charging me ridiculous amounts of cash just for me to get a refill and it's not cool!!!”2016Roxicodone Intensol (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Used with my throat cancer and it helped numb my throat to be able to eat. I lost 200 pounds but this helped me survive and be able to eat most foods... Soft ones anyway... I know opioids are a bitch but without these I would have died of starvation”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Dec 2008 I mentioned to my PCP that I had taken some leftover Vicodin from a dental procedure and how much it helped my chronic pain (fibromyalgia, arthritis, severe scoliosis, several abnormalities in both feet.) I was asking for a low dose of Vicodin to take sparingly and he talked me into oxycontin saying what a clean drug it was and there was no limit on how much you can take. Started with 10 mg ER 3x day and 5 mg IR oxy. Fast forward to around 2013, then taking four 80 mg oxycontin and five 30 mg oxycodone. Now I am being forced off with a 1/3 reduction in one month and told I won't have withdrawal. Not sure what he's been reading but it's been hell with more to come . This"medicine" has wrecked my kidneys, given me PAD, etc. STAY AWAY”2016For Pain:		“I have had constant constipation on this medication, but it is a heaven sent, my doctor recommended me to start on Nopiate along with it. So far so good,both have been working great for my chronic pain.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“On June 7, 2016 my pain management doctor put me on 5 mg oxycodone, twice a day with 15 mg of MS Contin at bedtime. So far the oxy seems to be helping me with my chronic back pain but does not last long. When I see him again in 4 weeks I am going to ask for a higher dose or to take a couple more per day. I'm a newbie at the clinic where he is at now and I think he is just trying to see what works and what doesn't since I haven't seen him in about 3 years.
The downfalls for this med is I sometimes get itchy and the risk of addiction.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone 15 mg for about 4 years now it was working well and then all the sudden I guess I have started getting used to it so it doesn't work right anymore so what I had to do what I had to tell my doctor I think I got an immunities. The doctor told me he says well you have been on it for a while it's up your prescription and some so he upped it to 40 milligrams in the forties work absolutely wonderful I said stay on this for about 2 years and will flip you over to 60 milligram so I said okay I can tell everybody out here these were awesome for pain do not take them the wrong way because you can get very very addicted to him and you'll have to go to rehab ”2016For Chronic Pain:		“pain management vs. side effects are not worth it.”2016Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on roxycodone for 7 years now . I was in a bad car wreck..   I was on 8 day  when first started on them after wreck. Now I'm on 3 a day. I normally get the blue 30mg tablet with k-8  on it. Today I got a white tablet with rp and 30 imprinted on it. Large white round tablet. I went back into pharmacy thought I had been giving wrong med. No just new u suppose  Seem to be working actually better for my pain  than the others...”2016For Pain:		“Full hip replacement. I take Oxycodone 20 mg every 6 hours,when I first started taking, it gave me headaches but my pain control was great, in about a week, the headaches were gone. I would highly recommend this pain med, I have been taking them for a month and my mind is clear, don't feel tired from a scale of 1 to 10 my pain is about a 2 or 3 with the pain meds. I would like to warn you if you wait too long out to take your meds you will regret it. I take 20 mg every six hours, one night I slept about 10 hours and woke up with intense pain.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I am really glad to see so many positive experiences. I just wish I could say the same. I have been on Oxycontin 40 mg for 6 years. I cannot say that I have found relief. I have peripheral neuropathy   and I take the Oxycontin 40 mg twice a day and Methadone 15 mg four times a day. I am in excruciating pain at least 8 eight hours a day and I have trouble sleeping and now I am having a problem with constipation. I don't really think it is the medications fault I think my dose is to low to handle the amount of pain I am in. My doctor will not prescribe anything stronger.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Nothing helps with pain as well as oxycodone for breakthrough pain”2016For Chronic Pain:		“This medicine is absolutely amazing for Chronic Pain. HOwEVER, coming off of it is the absolute worse experience I have ever had the displeasure of experiencing. Please don't take this medication for longer than indicated. The relief you are feeling now, unfortunately, is not worth the pain you will experience when you stop taking it.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin allowed me to recover from cancer surgery without any complications. I did have some unpleasant side effects like constipation. But it was totally worth the pain relief I got from surgery.”2016For Pain:		“Had a csection and it helped a lot with the pain didn't make it go away completely but really toned it down as much as I could've hoped for.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“My pharmacy switch my regular pain medicine with this new brand. It has not helped my pain at all, it's made me more constipated then any other medicine in my entire life. I'm wondering if I might have a bowel obstruction from this. I have to take twice the amount of this brand versus the other manufacture. And because of laws I'm now stuck with this medicine for 30 days. I will never use this medicine again.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on both oxycodone 30mg
 8 tablets a day along with oxycontin 40mg for chronic pain issues, also 40 mg kadian,  and Xanax  for anxiety and soma, muscle relaxer.  I can honestly say that the dosage worked great for me and I felt as though my quality of life was back and felt like a.functioning person again”2016For Pain:		“This is a great medication, and it really works, but i would not recommend it, BECAUSE ITS SO ADDICTING! please dont get into it.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Better than nothing”2016For Chronic Pain:		“works good on my severe pain”2016For Chronic Pain:		“It is good for moderate breakthrough pain when used with a fentanyl patch.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Great pain relief.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have suffered RLS since about 5 years of age.  Now 78.  Nothing would stop it - neurologists tried all usual medication, permoglide, rivotril, etc.  Then saw new GP in 60's who also suffered badly and he had in desperation tried oxycontin with great relief.  Suggested I tried one 
10 mg tablet before going to bed or when travelling as passenger in car - this was intolerable.
Found tablet worked like magic and although reliant on it still take same 10 mg but one tablet first thing in morning and one prior to going to bed - about 1 hour before.  Found it does not always work at night so I can be up until 3 am walking the floor nearly going insane as pain in legs is so bad.  However, 90% of time I do get incredible benefit.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Worked great after a car accident and i had back and knee injuries.  Now since I've been taking so long it doesn't work.  I just throw up and suffer in pain all the time. I don't agree with the fact acetaminophen is added. That stuff is garbage plus why add it if we can just go buy it.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Im a ex flooring installer of 17 yrs (11 yrs non-union 6 union yrs) My back is wrecked, I have tears in 2 of my discs at L3/L4 and L4/L5 locations. I have no cartilage left anywhere in my lower back. My PCP put me thru the tests multiple MRI's/CT's injections, lots of predisone and then finally Norco. It took me a few days of being on Hydrocodone before the relief started, but relief it was! I gained much of my functionality back. I was moved up to the higher doses and then on to OxycontinER. Oxycontin had less side effects, and in general felt less wasted.
Im now on 60mg x3 daily with 20mg IR 3x daily. Its been very helpful in my life.”2016Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Breast cancer left side and radiation damage.  My left arm is in constant pain.  I work long hours so don't want to make any pain meds during work but want something to help me sleep through the night - pain relieve.  The OTC meds is tearing my stomach and cause uncontrol bowel movement.  Would this help with pain so I can rest?  It's been over 16 months and I have not had more than 6 hour sleep.  I also want to make sure this is not habit forming”2016Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have to laugh when I read some of these comments . Why do I itch ? Because you are taken too much ! Listen I take 7 pills a day of oxycotin 80 mgs and 15 pills a day of roxy 30mgs because a doctor years ago decided it would be the best thing for me and it was the worst thing he ever did to me . I take over 210 80s a month and 450 30s that's is 660 pills a month yes one month !  I would tell anyone do not take these meds I am so addicted to these now and now with Obama and the DEA against them doctors are being told to take ppl off them well that's great now I deal with the withdrawal and it's terrible please please please if you really need the meds take them with caution they become so so addictive doesn't matter who you are”2016For Pain:		“Not as effective as other generics”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone relieves 85%  of my pain and 99% of my fatigue. Side effect, constipation is the only problem I have to deal with other wise this drug works great. I've been taking it about eight years.”2016Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Best for chronic back pain !”2016For Chronic Pain:		“2 back surgeries/last one failed badly.Had 1400# horse drop back on top of me and reinjure my back, broke pelvis, pneumothorax, crushed shoulder and numerous internal injuries. A 2nd back surgery made things worse. I have been in constant back and now knee pain for 16 yrs. Surgeon and PCP who is a DO said I would never be someone who had to worry about having pain meds taken away. Well, they did 6 months ago and I have Advil. I can't shop, I can't care for myself and I am at the mercy of strangers. I hope every day to let me find a pain specialist who knows about chronic pain or let me go the next time I become dehydrated as walking to the kitchen hurts too much to get water. People dying out here because can't self care!!!”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have 7 bulging disks, DDD and AS, on daily pain meds for 7 years. I requested a long acting pain med and had been on oxycodone IR 10mg. x 3 a day. Dr switched me to OxyContin 10 mg 4 per day. AMAZING RESULTS! I no longer feel drugged, I feel like myself again. The IR made me feel drugged and only lasted 3 hours, was a roller coaster all day long. I take 2 in the morning, 1 at 2 pm and 1 at 6 pm. and do not feel like I am on any medication at all, but the pain has gone from an 8 to a 2 (if I don't move) to maybe a 4 or 5 at worst. Able to clean house, shower, do many activities I was unable to do before. I feel so blessed that I have my life back. It seems to give me energy but no other side effects at all. No dry mouth either.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was wondering if anyone has noticed any difference in the Oxycontin since the formula has been changed from from OC to OP. Just curious after reading someone else's review.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Was taking 10mg oxycodone 6 times a day for an operation that went horribly wrong. I was always dizzy nauseous and tired.  Started ocycontin 20mg twice a day and changed my life.  Less percs feel almost normal. Now if the pharmacists wouldn't treat US like dirt life would be good. Highly recommend”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone has helped me function again. Though the pain is never quite relieved, it takes the edge off the worst severities of it.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have back surgery and the surgery and the medication I was on wasn't helping much. My doctor gave me OxyContin try and it's been a lifesaver for me. ”2016For Pain:		“I was given oxycodone for pain relief in the hospital after hip replacement surgery.  The pain relief was okay, but the side effects of nausea, confusion, and weakness made me feel wretched.  Who wants to throw up repeatedly and feel pathetic after surgery?  As soon as my surgeon swapped oxycodone  for tramadol, the bad side effects disappeared. Tramadol's pain relief was comparable or better. I'm amazed by all these high ratings because many friends had similar bad side effects with oxycodone.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been prescribed Oxycontin 60mg for well over 6 years now in just in the last 2 months I have gotten a refill  I know for a fact that either the manufacturer or where they get  their medication through there has been a shortage of the medication per the dosage compared to what it used to be. I don't know at what level this is occurring .  Whether this is another Government regulation that says if someone is prescribed 60mg tablets the manufacturer is only allowed to put 30mg in that tablet?  I have been on this same medication for a long time and starting December 2015 and January 2016 my medication has been shorted. My body goes through tremendous withdrawal symptoms each month I refill this medication.  I need an answer.”2016OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Oxycontin since 2003 on a daily basis.  I have chronic abdominal discomfort because I had my large intestine removed due to chronic Ulcerative Colitis.  I also have had Degenerative Disc Disease  since 1998. I've had to have my right hip replaced due to an injury in 2008 and I have chronic sciatic nerve pain in my left hip that runs down to my foot. I found this drug to be more effective than any rehabilitation or needle injection that I've ever had. I have tried many different treatments like injections and physical rehab but I get the best pain relief from taking 3 - 60mg. Oxycontin every 8 hours and 10 mg. Oxycodone IR pills every 4 to 6 hours daily for increased pain and discomfort. The bad part is I lost most of my teeth.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“This was very effective used as breakthrough medication for my chronic pain.  I have a knee replacement that I have problems with and degenerative arthritis in my left hip and lower spine.  My extended medication is 80 mg oxycontin.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“After 11 knee surgeries (one replacement) , shot 3 times, surgery to remove bullets, surgery to try to repair nerve damage in left leg, and numerous other surgeries, Oxycodone is the ONLY medication that kills the pain and allows me to get through the day.  Six months ago the doc reduced my oxy and added MS Contin for long term pain relief.  I prefer the oxycodone as the MS CONTIN (morphine) reduces energy level and make me groggy.  Oxycodone is an Awesome drug...too bad the "younger generation" use it to get "High".  Makes all of us that really need it, difficult to get it.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“This med stopped my pain for longer periods of time.”2016Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I'm 20 years old and have been dealing with Testicular Neuralgia, which causes severe pain in the scrotum, for more than a year. Vicodin didn't sustain my pain nearly as much as Roxicodone does. My Pain Doctor prescribed me 15 mg of Oxycodone (Roxicodone) six times a day. This medication has literally given me my life back. It simply takes my pain away for hours and I can function 100% better. I take this along with MS Contin and a muscle relaxer. 10/10 rating!”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have very aggressive OA. I've had both kneed replaced at 56. I'm in constant pain now because the OA has moved on to left  hip and both shoulders. I take the Extended Release and the regular 20 mg. For breakthrough pain. True chronic pain suffers need help with being able to get this medication ! I live in a rural town very small only two pharmacies and one refuses to order it. I maxed out my prescription coverage in Nov. The ER was 473.00. The few have made it hard for the many. Who are going to help us who truly need safe pain medication?”2016