For Chronic Pain:		“Speaking of the new big white oxycodone  pills. My wife has been on this medication for over a decade. She has been given at least 2 different blue pills as well as yellow ones  all of which have been effective. Over the last 2.5 months she has had big white pills and it is clear they are ineffective. With the other brands she didn't have it easy but was able to get out of bed and sometimes out of the house. Since the switch I have seen a clear, significant downturn in her health. She shows signs of withdrawal (no change in dose) and her pain has increased significantly. It has been so bad that we were forced to miss Thanksgiving and Christmas had to be moved to our house (and paid dearly for it). We tried finding the old medication with no luck. It was brought up to both her doctor and pharmacist and she was told she is S.O.L (Sadly Outta Luck) I know the FDA will do nothing but I think it's important to speak up. Maybe if enough people do it will force the manufacturers hand to reevaluate their formula.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Was just given the Rhodes  pharmaceutical 15 mg. Oxycodone  on Tues Dec 24,   And I immediately noticed a lack of potency and stomach issues start to erupt. My pharmacy gave me the standard answer of  we can’t switch it out or take it back and  they order what they  order and they can only send me what they send me.  So I called my pain management after hours on Saturday  after  having my stomach feel like it’s boiling  from trying to use this horrid  substitute.  Thank goodness they felt compassion and have called in a new script to a different pharmacy that has something other than Rhodes. Now I have to pay out of pocket because insurance will not cover another script since I just paid for one and I have to go all the way back to the doctors office on Monday to destroy the remaining Rhodes pills. Definitely a hassle but the alternative is excruciating stomach pain and lack of pain relief/withdrawal.”2019Oxydose (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have tried many of drugs  and the one I take now for my chronic pain is oxycodone 30mg.  If they change my medication I don't know what I would do. I am a very sick man and this is only thing that keep me moving I tried many of drugs and this is the only relief that I get with a oxycodone 30mg. Someone please tell me something why are you taking oxycodone off the market? Lots of people are really going to be hurt if they stop them”2019For Chronic Pain:		“On oxycodone  generic Rhodes , pharmacy switched to Rhodes from kvk tech. Rhodes did nothing. Called my insurance caseworker who made arrangements for an override so in’s would cover second script had to take the Rhodes pills in to pain management to be destroyed. New prescription was not phoned in override expired pharmacy that script was called into ran out of kvk now had Rhodes. Total nightmare. Everyone needs to file an fda complaint. It’s easy to do online from phone. And is only way Rhodes will go away. As they are selling their rubbish oxycodone cheap. Lol.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I am laying in bed with severe stomach pain and cramping which I suspect is due to my CVS switching from oxycodone brand KVK to Rhodes Pharmaceutical. Exactly like dozens of other posts, I am not getting any pain relief. The KVK brand (pink tablets) have a distinct smell - the Rhodes brand has none. Whatever they are, I have been having increasing stomach issues since I started this brand last week. I just wrote it all out and sent a message to my pain management doctor. It’s all so complicated getting my regular prescriptions- I can’t imagine how they will go about resolving this. ”2019For Pain:		“On oxycodone for Restless leg and sciatica
and it has been great until Rhodes brand. That has no effect at all at double the dose. Rhodes oxycodone doesn't work
”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been a chronic pain sufferer for 18 years.  Oxycodone has been the ONLY medicine that gave me any relief from my daily pain.  That was until this year when the switch was made to Rhodes brand 10/325 (oxycodone/acetaminophen).  They are not effective in controlling my pain.  I wait for my levels to go from +10 but that now rarely happens. This is the worst I have ever felt.”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking 80mg IR oxycontin for 15yrs. With 30mg IR morpine I have stage 3 lung cancer and colon cancer. My pain doctor stop the 80s with no warning. I suffer for three months on withdrawals had to go to ER a lot.  My pain has increased and the pain doctor well do nothing. He scare of losing his licence. Now ER wants nothing to do with me. So I cry a lot seating at  home wishing somebody would do something.. I don't understand how they can't help me with the pain. I k
Now they close down Purde all those billion the lawyers took but what us the people suffering from pain. Nobody cares about us.”2019For Pain:		“These oxycodone PILLS  from Rhodes pharmaceuticals are BUNK!!! Has absolutely NO OXYCODONE in it whatsoever, and does NOT relieve PAIN! I wish the FDA would look into this matter? Do NOT get these from RHODES pharmaceuticals”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been a chronic pain patient for 10+ yrs and had it controlled to an extent taking oxycodone. About 4 months ago, the manufacture brand of the oxycodone was changed to Rhodes Pharmaceuticals and ever since, I have been incredibly sick, in major pain and in withdrawals 24 hours a day! I did some research and saw the reviews for this company's meds and complaints and I swear to the powers above, once I switched to a different manufacture, I feel much better! Whatever was in or isn't in the  Rhodes' pills, it made me so sick I couldn't even get out of bed some days and ended up in ER as I have COPD and in withdrawals that I didn't know about! After the ER visit, today on the new medication, I feel like a semi-human again! The Rhodes Pharmaceutical meds are inefficient, making people sick with whatever they are putting in (or not) their pills! Plus losing 20 pounds in a year that I could not afford to lose as I'm end stage COPD and underweight from being unable to eat from the side effects from their med.Can anyone share on this site?”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Severe chronic lower back and neck disc herniations and bulges, full S-shape scoliosis, and never-ending spasms spanning my entire back. I’m never not in pain, and the lowest level is a 5 on a 10-scale. Sometimes I’m woken up from sleep from the pain.
My doctor has me on only 10mg oxycodone, but I manage. I guess it’s good to be low. (Idk how everyone gets 30mg+ on here — maybe bcuz I’m young? idk..)
Anyway, I find the KVK’s (pink K56) are the best brand for 10mgs. Rhodes (white P10) is the worst. Literally no pain relief and instead a ton of stomach issues, which makes me wonder what is in them, and what isn't in them. Never again. Another great alternative, if you want Tylenol combined with oxycodone (Percocet), is Endocet (yellow E712) pill. Very effective. Wishing everyone minimal pain in their lives!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes Pharmaceutical brand of Oxycodone 30mg is not helping with chronic pain. I’ve taken this medicine for over 10 years and had different manufacturers over the years. I’ve never had bad experiences as I am having after 24 hours of getting them from the pharmacy. Does anyone know what’s happening?”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I been through  6 failed lower  back  operations  have 2 cages the do cut to large bones off my hip to put in the cages  he did not put the screws  in to hold the cages in he said  it was a tight fit what BS  I have 6 bad docs upper  back”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Been using oxycodone IR for 12 years for chronic pain. Only drug that works for me at a low dose 10 mg. Last 4 months with Rhodes Pha the drug does nothing. Call pharmacists this morning said that's the only brand they can get from the supplier. I could call around to see if another. Ya right. This sucks.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I am with everyone. Rhodes pain meds do not have near the same pain relieving quality as the oxycodone brand KVK. It’s very obvious why people are seeking other methods of pain control like heroin or taking to much of their prescription. FDA please please check into what is going on with RHODES oxycodone because they are ineffective and I swear they have terrible side effects. And why are the white RHODES like 3 times as large as the KVK little blue pills? Even KVK has not been like they used to be but way better then RHODES!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I take oxycodone  for chronic pain and the Mallinkrodt oxycodone WAS the best, but now  I feel the active ingredient has been reduced to less than half. I have CRPS from donating bone marrow and being injured. Otherwise I am completely healthy. I have to quit my job and move in with my mother as I’m unable to work or get out of bed. Rhodes Pharma works less than the Mallinkrodt. KVK tech also does nothing. Be sure you share with your health professional the name of manufacturer of oxycodone that isn’t working for you. The only way we are going to bring about change is by speaking up. The truth shall set you free.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“On roxi 30 mgs ,6x a day. Reading all the negs. About Rhodes brand. I've been on the little blue pills for 5 yrs. I've got to say, everyone's different. The little K/59? Did work, but found I was taking more and double dose for relief, which led to running out, sometimes 2 wks before refill
 Sucks, withdrawal I guess like heroin. Any how, when switching to the RP/30, they work better, long term for me. Only time I would be able to still have rite amount by refill. If I take em too close together, they made me sick as in nervous, wired the wrong way. So I'm scared to take differently than prescribe also pain stayed away longer. Just proves everyone is different .I enjoy the Rhodes ones. I truly hope that you can find YOUR rite combination. ...peace...love..out!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking 30 mg oxycodone for many years. Have had small dark blue, small light blue, and small white tabs. The blue tabs seem to give better relief. For the past several months, my pharmacy gives me 30 mg RP huge white tabs. I don't know what they're putting in them. I'm getting bad heartburn from whatever filler they're using. Why are the pills so big. I don't feel as if I'm getting the relief like I use to get..”2019For Pain:		“Oxycodone recently has shown to be far move effective from recent studies to treat “nerve based pain”, aka neurological pain, much more than once thought.  Oxycodone has addictive qualities more than most I’ve been on, but have no issues with that and find it to be a great medication for pain management for right people.  It’s a drug that’s been around for a while and well studied, which is why it’s still often used.  Way less side effects n more effective than morphine n grand scheme of things.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I'm a long-time sufferer of chronic pain, with degenerative arthritis in my back, herniated disc and bursitis and arthritis in my hips. I was on morphine ER and it wasn't working as good, I've been on the same dose for 5 years. Dr. suggested I try xtampza comparing it to Oxycontin which I had been on many years ago until my insurance would not cover it anymore. Well she could not have been more wrong. I have been on xtampza for 10 long-suffering days. And have made an appointment to be put back on my morphine ER. Because even though it did not take care of the pain thoroughly it is still better than the suffering I have had to endure taking xtampza. They need to throw this in the trash, do not waste your money ! It did not work even as good as my morphine did and on top of it I have had constant diarrhea since taking it and my stomach has been chewing at itself, or at least that's what it feels like.”2019For Pain:		“Right now, people who now really NEED opioid pain killers can't get them because doctors are under scrutiny (as some well should be). That is the biggest travesty of this whole thing. Because people have behaved badly on all levels (including people who knowingly abused these drugs), people are suffering, including many elderly who need them for end of life care. The whole thing is beyond shameful”2019“I walked into my pharmacy to get my Rx found that my med was a different brand so I spoke with my pharmacist asked for her to please look into notes in my file as she tried well you know nothing!! So I had to explain once again I can only take this one!  As I’ve had the experience of others and either don’t work at all or had one that put me in hospital.  I’m afraid to try this as I wanted to see who what the company stands for what’s put in tablets after seeing all these horrible some horrific complications people have had I’m ever so afraid to try. I would like to do more investigation and talk with my Internal Medicine Provider.    By the way my conditions are Arnold’s Chiari Malformation, Inoperative Cyst growing multiplying, 3 different degenerative disease, Unknown Chronic GI issues & severe constipation plus ....”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have taken oxycodone 30 mg tabs for over 10 years, they have always been great for my chronic pain. I have had 3 major back & neck surgeries, also had both knees replaced which one knee is still really bad grinding so I'm in a lot of pain. My pharmacy switched to the useless RHOD manufacturer  or brand for the last 3-4 months and they suck badly. Now I have been throwing up off and on daily since this last script. On top of that my pain is the same when I take them, they just don't help. Now my pharmacist told me the reason they are not able to get the light blue pills anymore is because of the fake pills coming out of Mexico that's laced with fentanyl.  The bottom line is why should all of us suffer because of these fake pills that we have nothing to do with? We know what we're getting from the pharmacy??? I use Cosco but want to switch pharmacies. Has anyone went to Costco and if so are they the blue ones?? These big white RHOD pills have to be using a filler and way less oxycodone.”2019Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Oxaydo caused me worse pain it had me to where I was unable to walk due to hip and leg pain and burning which also caused me depression because it was causing me so much pain. I thought my condition was getting worse and I thought I was going to end up in a wheelchair but after researching and learning opioid 's can do that I stopped them cold turkey and I have never felt better I still have pudendal nerve and back pain but I will never take this medicine again”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Was given Rhodes brand oxycodone with tylenol two months ago. Noticed a difference after my first dose. No good for me. I will change pharmacy and hope my next pharmacy doesn't use the  Rhodes brand. I do not know what else to do.??????  I've been on this medication for two years for my osteoporosis arthritis which is chronic. I hope I can get back on a different drug company asap??????”2019For Chronic Pain:		“It doesn’t shock me to find out that  “Rhodes” Pharma was a secret new company started by the same family that owns Perdue Pharma—the billionaire Sackler family. Now it all makes sense! (I, too, take Rhodes oxycodone 20mg and have noticed that they have no pain relieving abilities at all compared to my previous non-Rhodes prescriptions!)”2019For Pain:		“First time taking it for my lower back and I slept like a baby wit no pain”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Bottom-line & synopsis:
**""RHODES PHARMACEUTICALS oxycodone and possible other medications DO NOT RELIEVE PAIN!***
HOW THEY PASSED THE FDA IS BEYOND ME AND I'M HAPPY TO READ ALL THESE COMMENTS AND I ONLY READ A FEW BUT WE ARE ALL SAYING THE SAME EXACT THING!
 Even if I don't get in on a lawsuit I hope somebody bring them to their knees -& shuts this company DOWN!
I've been taking Rhodes Pharmaceuticals oxycodone anywhere from 2 to 6 months but I've been taking oxycodone off and on for more than 20 years so I consider myself someone who knows the difference when medication is not effective at all”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I really believe that the Rhodes generic of  oxycodone does not have any oxycodone in the medication-

For 5 years I was on Oxycodone 10mg KVK generic..no problems. Now I am lying in bed, unable to get up. The only thing that has changed is that the pharmacy changed to Rhodes 10mg. How they are able to get away with this is madness.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking 20 mg Oxycodone  for years for chronic back pain from fail operations , failed total hip replacement , kidney cancer from Camp Lejeune toxic toxic water and have been in hemodialysis for almost 4 years but the 20mg Oxycodone wasn’t working so my Dr moved me to 30 mg which didn’t help my pain just upset my stomach and make me feel like I’m gonna have a heart attack during dialysis and terrible stomach.  These  are Rhodes brand, no good. On my bottle my pharmacy put Oxycodone generic for Roxicodone brand. I think I was suppose to get Roxycodone 30 mg ”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been using Oxycodone for over 12 years  for chronic pain and have found it effective without the need to increase the dosage.  I have utilized several generic brands over the years,  noting the effectiveness of some over others.  Recently however, I found they simply do not work.  I’ve been telling my wife I feel as though they were sugar pills.  Their effectiveness seemed to drop 80% compared to my previous prescriptions, trying both KVK and Epic brands.  I actually wanted to hire a chemist to analyze the contents to see if they still contained any Oxycodone at all!  I came across these comments on Drugs.com and now find, I’M NOT THE ONLY ONE.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have Pigmented villonodular synovitis (PVNS) which causes chronic ongoing pain.
This medication when taken as brand name is a life saver !     
And thankfully most generics are also high quality ‘  
Yet after over 10 years of the same dosage ... 
it could not be more blatant and obvious that the large White RHODES BRAND has either no active ingredient or it is significantly less than the 12.5 mg that should be in each 15 mg pill ! 
They have almost zero effect on pain ..   
I can compare to other manufacturers I currently have left over from previous years.  ... and the older pills all work as they should .. 

But Rhodes brand does not work  -  no  pain relief ! 

Please advise your pharmacist so they are aware of this issue on a larger scale ! 

It’s amazing that a corporation can get away with this !    And this company is owned by the original manufacturer Purdue !!”2019For Pain:		“This stuff is HIGHLY ADDICTING! GET OFF NOW WHILE YOU CAN! THE PHYSICAL WITHDRAWALS ARE NO JOKE.”2019For Pain:		“I take Oxycodone HCL for HemiCrania Continua (left-sided head pain) that doesn’t remit. It fluctuates from moderate to severe numerous times a day. Oxycodone is very helpful to my condition.”2019Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I broke my back and had an artificial disc to put in and then device failed and I was put on roxycodone 30 mg and oxycodone works better for me than hydrocodone and even better than the Dilaudid the Dilaudid and hydrocodone doesn't last not an hour for some reason on me if I got Dilaudid through an IV it would hit me hard and take away the pain for about 30 minutes and then it would will go away fast the oxycodone for whatever reason works better for me”2019For Chronic Pain:		“My husband has chronic pain due to Colon cancer the medicine was not working for him at all.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Just the fact that I've even had to use this medication for chronic pain makes me sad. Fortunately I don't have to use this highly potent medication often, though I am on Hydrocodone 24/7. When I was glancing through this site and found this listed as the #1 medication for chronic pain my heart broke a little. Don't get me wrong, there are time periods where there is nothing but Oxycodone that will work. I just wish they would make something better already....”2019For Chronic Pain:		“FDA has been contacted by me. I  had a prescription of 30mg Oxycondone  Rhodes and  I almost died from this presciption.  I am sure the oxys are  counterfeit or have been manipulated. Taking one tablet I almost  went into a coma, I felt like I was literary being sedated. The chronic pain continued to be severe  I ended up in the ER with my bottle pills explaioning what  happened. I explained that my pain was unbearable and help me get out of pain. I explained that as I hold this bottle of 30mg pills why the hell would I be at the ER begging for relief. Trying to keep this message short so skipping details  I have called the FDA and reported this, but being a Sunday was told to call tomorrow which I am. I smoke  and I was sitting and smoking I kinda was  temporarily sedated I guess, with my cigg in hand. If my cat had not come close to me and meowed I don't know if I would have woken up.  Let the FDA know if you  had other near death effects with Oxycondone 30mg by RHODES MANUFACTURER. The alert is coming from me to the FDA. I  pills be analysed for purity, strength and tested for other ingredients.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I knew it ! The white round oxycodone Hcl 10 mg pills are garbage. I’ve gone through hell trying to get a real truthful answer/explanation as to why the switch from the pink to the white ! It’s never been truthfully answered. I have terminal stage 4 Metastatic breast cancer. I just want to share that one time I spilled water on one of my white oxycodones that I had on the table to take....well it blew up and fizzed like a alka-seltzer. Enough said . Complete garbage !”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking oycodone with acetaminofen, 7.5 mg/325, for several years.  The brand is Rhodes.  Recently my doctor increased my dosage to 10 mg/325 and the pharmacy I use dispensed Mallinckrodt and I thought I had finally found a medication that works.  Then the pharmacy changed the 10 mg/325mg tablets to the Rhodes brand. THEY DO NOT WORK.  The 7.5 mg Rhodes didn't work  either, so I have been throwing my money away and experiencing terrible pain.  The pharmacy only changed the 10mg Mallinckrodt to Rhodes brand because the price increased $10,. I am going to ask the pharmacist to order the 10 mg Mallinckrodt for me because they actually work.   I have chronic severe neck and lower back pain and the doctor told me in my case surgery would not be helpful at all.  (I also have chronic pain from a broken humerus seven years ago). Some of the generic drugs are a waste if money in my opinion.  When I find one that works I will stay with it!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“After approximately 5 - 6 years on OxyIR generic oxycodone I have since 03/2019 been getting K-56 pills (KVK Tech Inc.), which within 2-3 days it was totally apparent they were NOT the same as the meds I had taken all these years.  They are largely ineffective in pain control and cause a lot of suffering in order to not take more than prescribed.  I consider this an ineffective drug with side effects, thus a negative experience the whole month(s) long.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“My pharmacy recently switched to oxycodone Rhodes brand, this brand  does nothing for my pain. I am now in bad pain. I used to take mallinckrodt which was helpful.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I started weaning off OxyContin forcefully by my doctor (thyroid cancer two radical neck dissections) and two weeks prior to that my pharmacy switched to Rhodes Oxycodone.  I was in withdrawals way before tapering my oxycontin.  My doctor is blowing me off and I guess I need to be my own advocate and find a different pharmacy who carries it.  Two months now and I have such miserable joint pain I can barely get to the bathroom in the morning.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I am a Terminally ill hemodialysis patient from losing my kidneys to cancer from being poisoned when I was in the Marine Corp from Agent Orange and Camp Lejeune Toxic Water and multiple operations from head to toe .  I have  been taking k57 brand of Oxycodone for years because hemodialysis is impossible for me to sit through due to the pain. Now, I find my pain meds are duds! I am in the highest level of pain!!  Will not be able to continue hemodialysis without help with pain! Rate 1.0”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Of course they do not work as good as brand -- they spell it out unfortunately -- 

less medication is less treatment n relief 

sad sad 

The Oxycodone Hydrochloride Tablets, USP contain the following inactive ingredients: microcrystalline cellulose, lactose monohydrate, crospovidone, and magnesium stearate.
from manufactures website -- 
"The 5 mg, 10 mg, 15 mg, 20 mg, and 30 mg tablets contain the equivalent of 4.5 mg, 9 mg, 13.5 mg, 18 mg, and 27 mg, respectively, of oxycodone free base."”2019Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After being on methadone for tonsil cancer and going through radiation the methadone only made me sick in the stomach with no pain relief, Roxicodone has not gave me any bad side effects and I'm even on Xanax but I do not abuse them and take them as little as possible, however the Roxicodone liquid seems to take your pain and bad thoughts away so you may not even need your nerve pill, it also tastes like a good cherry flavor but boy is the radiation painful to the throat. I'm trying to wait the pain out but it's pretty severe. But the Roxicodone takes a good deal of it away and is much better than methadone in my opinion.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I too was forced to use something other than MS Contin.  Xtampza was chosen and I suffered through it for 3 weeks before calling my physician in tears to let him know that I had no relief whatsoever  from the pain and as well  I was experiencing headaches diarrhea and deeper depression.  I was then given a prescription for Belbuca film. Would have liked to try it but insurance doesn't cover it and it costs $475 a month! What are we to do???”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Yes I feel rhodes brand of oxycodone is garbage too,  ask your doc for oxycodone hydrochloride USP has 5 ,15 and 30 only. Respectively has the most oxycodone free base in the equivalent”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I underwent a thorocoscopy  (surgeons to examine the pleural lining of the lungs and the surface of the lung) which turned into a thorocotomy when my right lung would not re-expand after excess pleural fluid was drained. Oxycodone was initially used to control the pain, but was ineffective. Oxycontin was then used but it didn't work as well as the Oxycodone most likely as it is time released. Under a physician's observation, several Oxycontin were ingested, but to no avail. However, I've been termed by several physicians and dentists as having a high resistance to anesthetics and pain killers.”2019For Pain:		“I normally take oxycodone 10 mg.  After hip surgery, I needed a stay at in house rehab facility.   I was prescribed oxycodone 10 mg.  I noticed immediately this medication was not working at all.   The manufacturer was different and was by Rhodes pharmaceuticals.   These facilities have contracts to use only this manufacturer.   I have reported to management I am receiving no relief from this drug.   Any input on who this should be reported to would be helpful.   There are long term nursing home patients here that I hear complain that pain meds are giving no relief.   I have experienced this first hand.  I am fortunate enough to be able to speak out and go home in a month.  I hate that elderly people living here are suffering.”2019Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Does work well. Had to adjust down other meds, like klonopin,  to keep from nodding off. Took about 3 weeks to adjust to dazidox. I'd taken it before in the name of Roxicodone @ 15mg. It seemed to work better/faster than Doxidoz...but it was a higher milligram.”2019M-Oxy (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I had a lower spine surgery and upper spine surgery. My dr. Prescribed me oxycodone 15 IR mg, they are working somewhat. My back and legs have severe pain. I can’t even vacuum my living room before I have to sit down from the stabbing pain in my lower back. Ppl on here say that Roxicodone 30 mg are helping them a lot. But by reading everybody’s story on here I don’t know why my dr. Won’t increase my meds. That’s due to the fact that a lot of ppl are abusing this med. due to recreational use those are the ones that lie about the pain they don’t have. That’s why we the ones with chronic pain have to suffer. Some ppl take this for granted and yes it’s not fair for me the one with the most pain. And I don’t understand why the dr. Is scared to up your meds.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Thank you Major Payne for directing me on who to complain to regarding the variations in the generic formulas of Oxycodone HCL 10 mg - I have been on Oxycodone for over 8 years due to chronic back pain from surgical malpractice (Dr put artificial disc in crooked) which instead of having me walking in six weeks, has me disabled for life. I always get a little pink pill from KVK Tech, this month CVS prescribed me a little white pill from Rhodes Pharmaceutical. I was shocked when my pain was not being managed and I was going into withdrawals. After some research I discovered not all generics are alike. It is despicable that this company can get away with not following proper protocol in regard to the ingredients needed to make it effective. I will be making calls and sending emails. Thank you for the information! Hang in there Pain People ”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Got home to find  my oxycodone meds were different, Manufactured by Rhodes. Been taking same meds 10 years without a hiccup. These weren't working so I ended up taking more trying to stop pain. I ended up being 4 days short/no meds. I assumed I'd be in bed sick, sweating with withdrawals. However none of these occurred meaning that rubbish was bogus or had little to no painkiller in it. Had such a small amount of medicine in it I basically got weaned off it. I've called around and everybody has been switched to meds that don't work. What? They want the doc to put me on oxycontin!”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“At my request, due to daily soaking sweats I went from 8 years of methadone for chronic spinal pain (add severe psoriatic AR + RA) to Xtampza 13.5 twice per day. The pharmaceutical company has played a joke on us with this one. They need to just trash the Xtampza & start all over. I never knew just how well the methadone was working (despite sweats) to lessen my pain until I switched to this garbage.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“If you're unfortunate enough to be prescribed RHODES PHARMA brand of oxycodone, the only way(s) I've found to make them effective in controlling my pain is either taking them immediately following a high-fat meal to help with absorption. They don't work as well as K9 / 223 / a215 brands do. Everyone needs to report this rubbish Rhodes  brand to the FDA immediately, and demand a better, more reliable generic from your pharmacies. If enough complaints are issued, they'll stop carrying them! Worst rated generic for oxycodone hcl on the market - even rated worse than Xtampza!”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This drug Xtampza ER doesn’t help at all ”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have tried so many pain medications. As doctors believe you are a laboratory rat. I was told I would have no trouble leaving my home town upon retirement and trying to move to a warm climate. But was not the case. It took forever to find a treating doctor. Along with trying numerous meds I have a medical marijuana card. That doesn't take care of some pain. I can't take ER ad I get extremely ill. The only drug that works is oxcycodone. I sure wish there was something else. Add I'm treated like an addict.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone (aka generic Roxicodone) is a wonderful immediate release pain medication. This is my review on the generics of oxycodone. Unfortunately, potency varies between different immediate release manufacturers. I am on 15mg three times/day. Mallinckrodt brand-green, M imprint above the scored line on tablet and 15 imprint below. Have worked consistently for me for years. The few times my pharmacy had issues ordering Mallinckrodt they substituted with Rhodes (owned by Purdue) and these did not approach the Mallies in terms of pain relief. Camber was equally disappointing. KVK and Actavis were significantly better but nothing ever came close to the pain-relieving effectiveness of the Mallinckrodt generics.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Ok so the best brand of oxycodone that works for me are the ones with the m on it the oxy 30mg, so the only other 30 mg oxy that I find to help with the pain just as good are the ones with the V on it from Qualitest pharmaceuticals.   It’s crazy what government is doing, there has to be a way to give the right pain meds to the ones that need it . I had a 19 hour brain operation .... those two brands are the only ones that help.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone for 15 years for back pain, I have rods and screws in my back. My doctor cut me off cold turkey because the DEA raised his family practice. I just had another back surgery and was able to go back on the oxycodone for acute pain only. The pharmacy dispensed me RHODES Pharmaceuticals  oxycodone 20 mg tabs, it’s like taking generic Tylenol from dollar general. So much filler in it and bothers my stomach, I was able to cut the dose in half to 10 mg tabs. I recommend you get the  KVK TECH brand as it works. Sad that I had to do that and give up half my pills, but the RHODES is straight garbage. In a couple of weeks, Because of this “OPIOID CRISIS”, I can’t because of ADDICTS that have ruined it for chronic pain patients. This government of ours is telling our doctors what they can and can’t do. They don’t have the expertise to treat chronic pain patients! The RHODEs PHARMACEUTICAL Oxycodone are straight junk.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have tried many different brands of generic oxycodone.  I am on 20 mg. I can tell you that Rhodes brand is TERRIBLE.  
I have found that the KVK Tech brand is the best out them all.  It is just crappy because I have to call 8 -10 pharmacies to see if have them.  
Mallinckrodt was great when they first came out but now only 1 in 5 pills actually work because they are formulated so weird. 
I chew my pills (I know your not supposed to)  but if the pill tastes sweet it will not work but if there is a bitter taste the pill works (it makes me wonder is the oxycodone active ingredient taste bitter and the sweet ones don't contain any active) 
Anneal is not great either , there is another brand I think it is called dynex?  Not sure but they are scored with two dashes and the number in between those worked great as well. 
Anyways I see people on here who are saying that their meds are not working as well and are sweet. 
Is there a way to complain about sucky generics?  Why do pharmacies get generics that do not work?  
It just hinders our pain management.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I thought I was nuts but my pharmacy just switched from Mallinckrodt oxycodone to  Rhodes oxycodone and it’s like taking nothing..body in pain, natural reaction would be to take more but I’m not doing that!  Is that what Rhodes plan is? Get us using more?  On Mallinckrodt I was on a nice set regime, able to function normally.. but this stuff besides physical side effects of stomach upset and slight skin itching has be upset and anxious. No. Need to find other supplier..”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone by the brand  RHODES pharmacy is GOD AWFUL-  my pharmacy just switched - what can a patient do?  It doesn’t treat my pain-
I’m severely constipated and nauseous!!!
My previous prescription  of Oxycodone from Amneal pharmacies was perfect and I had a life-
I’m a CRPS (chronic regional pain syndrome) patient and live in constant pain but I had a life with that medication-
I’m beside myself -”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I was hit by a drunk driver and fractured my C7. And my L1 I live with pain for 17 years now and I’ve tried almost everything. The drs wrote me the pain treatments centers in my area  and they are making me drop down in mg of oxycodone and amount. My dr told me today that they are making him go away from oxycodone of any kind! He said now only marijuana and hydrocodone. I don’t have a life anymore and now I suffer daily. The Oxycodone medicine was the only thing that helped me have some what of a normal life.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Recently my pharmacy changed to Rhodes Oxycodone HCL 30MG and I am in constant pain since. Its much like taking Tylenol. I'm tired all the time too.  Some other brands have some pills that are more effective than others, but this is the worst yet.  This is the largest Oxycodone I've had and I often choke on them. 
I know the gov is behind this nonsense and pharmaceutical company's are attacked for having effective ingredients. The gov is doing all they can to get the worst pain ingredients. Its criminal the gov blocks pain doctors and specialists from being involved when they could bring balance, intelligence and understanding. ”2019Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Oxaydo is terrible and does not work what so ever. I work for hours cooking and delivering caterings. I have chronic back pain and this medicine does nothing. I work hard and can can no relief because people want to be stupid and abuse drugs. Gzzzz”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I just saw a post similar to mine. I was just switched from  my light blue Mallinckrodt 30mg oxycodone HCl 5x daily to the Rhodes version. 

Absolutely no problem before, but now I am experiencing moderate pain that goes in a horizontal line across my abdomen. Line is 1.5" above navel. 

Before this symptom started, I had an irritated region in what seemed like my stomach. Anyone else have this?”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have had too many broken bones to list, many through medical malpractice, car accidents,etc., etc. I've been on Mallinkroft Oxy 30mg these last 7 months for a broken femur and humerous.  I was switched to Manf. Epic and went through withdrawals for 3 weeks. Then got really sick on Mallinkroft last month. They are changing ingredients. Read books or at least reviews on Amazon,  "BOTTLE OF LIES " and "DANGEROUS DOSES" by Kathleen Eban regarding the changes to our generic medications and even brand medications. I was sick after reading what our FDA is permitting as I'm sure you will be. If we don't band together and start making calls to the FDA, our govt representatives, and raising hell, this will continue to get worse and worse.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Oxycodone 30 mg manufactured by Mallinckrodt for 9 years.  My pharmacy stopped ordering from them and order from RHODES PHARMACE.  I started taking the generic oxycodone 30 mg from RHODES PHARMACE 5 days ago and have been in pain ever since. It has given little relief but not enough.  I cannot function as I did while on Mallinckrodt's oxycodone.  I hope there is a way to get back to Mallinckrodt's oxycodone as it works for me.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I’ve been taking Oxycodone 10mg bid for more than 7 years, for chronic back,leg and foot nerve pain, due to two spinal cord surgeries. I actually have a split cord. It’s worked ok, given that I could get about 4/5 “good” hours in a day in which I could be productive. I switched recently to the APAP formula, thinking that it might work better. Rhodes KMN. They do not work as well as straight  Oxycodone. My meds are in my bedroom, so I take one and go to the kitchen for something to swallow it. By the time I get there I can taste them. For the past two months I’ve noticed that some taste bitter, which is the normal taste. But, at least HALF of them had a sweet, sugary after taste to them. Those pills, I’ve noticed, DO NOT WORK!!!! Beware! I also have Spina Bifida and this doesn’t help the situation. I’m tired of hearing about this opioid epidemic, which is impacting my quality of life. Those who do not know chronic pain can never understand chronic pain.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have taken the Aspen (AU) branded oxycodone for my chronic pain due to spinal injuries from a car accident 35 years ago. I have found that at up to 15mg daily (5mg tabs) is enough to 'keep the lid' on most sharper pains encountered with 10mg or the whole 15mg in a single dose later in the day for the times it flares up and becomes acute. (I have not had to exceed 30mg in any one day and also use the NSAID diclofenac 100mg in conjunction at these times) 
The only drawback is tolerance to the drug and the need to cut back or go without for days at a time to help reduce this effect, I do not want the drug to lose its efficacy over the longer term as my injuries are not set to improve. I find it an invaluable tool in the toolbox. I am 57.
It is saddening that the scream of 'opioid epidemic' is allowing self proclaimed government 'authorities' to demonise the prescription and use of this helpful and efficacious medication.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I can see that a lot of people don't like this medication if you eat a fatty meal with it, then you will get the relief you need, it took me a while to figure it out. If you do that, I promise you, you will find some relief .”2019For Chronic Pain:		“It took me 3 years to get an opiate for my chronic lower back and hip pain even after x-rays showed the seriousness with it. No doctor can ever know your back pain by looking at x-rays or even an MRI. I had both. I'm pain-free while sitting a certain position with pillows in my old worn out recliner. However, If I need to function in anyway, my pain is intolerable. My primary docs just wouldn't give me anything that really made a difference. I was eating Excedrines like candy. Anti-inflammatories and muscle relaxers didn't work for me. I already knew opiates worked on my joints from being prescribed when having dental extractions and a kidney stone. So all I wanted was to be prescribe a med that WORKS! I was gaining weight because functioning was so painful.  I finally was referred to a pain management doc after 3 years.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I started taking this about two weeks ago, and I’m very happy. It doesn’t completely eliminate all pain, but nothing will. I can walk most of the day with limited amounts of pain. For me the morning is the roughest, cause it takes about 4 hours to peak for me, that’s with a handful of almonds with each dose of twice daily, 13.5 mg. I’m glad my doctor made this switch.”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Truly the best pain medicine I have ever took.”2019For Pain:		“This drug is an extremely effective and necessary part of pain management for most chronic pain patients. The person who said she had all of those terrible side effects - I've experienced none of that. It has been prescribed to me for years because I have a severe curvature of the spine (scoliosis). My spine is in the shape of an "S". People who take their meds as prescribed do not become addicts. The addicts are the ppl who are getting drugs illegally to get high - pain patient. The so-called opioid  crisis has created a chronic pain crisis. That's a whole other story.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Was in an auto accident that broke my T-11 T-12 and fractured L-1 L-2 , shattered ankle and broken wrist. I've had the discs fused and a pin in my ankle.  I have been on different brands of  oyxcodone pain  meds. Amneal, aurolife, epic pharma, actavis, mallinkrodt,  sun pharma, camber and Teva are absolute garbage and should not be sold or used as they are seemingly sugar pills or placebo.  The KVK tech oxycodone is the best generic brand as  gives the most relief in the 5 years I've been on pain management. I was initially on percocet total 60 mg a day but the cost was too much.  It's actually cheaper to get oxycodone without acetaminophen,  it's a difference of $53 dollars. What would usually run me $84 a month is now $30 a month for the plain oxycodone.  Was on kvk tech k-8 green 15 mg tablets 4 times daily.  Switched to  kvk tech k-56 pink 10 mg 6 times daily.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“My experience with oxycodone brands that work or don't work are: Rhodes 30mg Oxycodone does not work.  The Aurolife 15mg does work.  The old oxycodone 30mg pills worked for me for 10 years.  Good luck getting your doctor to change your prescription.  New federal regulations do not allow your doctor to change your treatment in any way without a severe amount of paperwork and the government does not accept "This brand doesn't work."”2019Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking this brand of  oxycodone for a month now, and it feels like a fake.  It does not kill pain and has almost killed me several times
my heart rate has increased to 180 several times and affected my breathing terribly.  I  have had too take nitro by the hand full.  I would not recommend this placebo to anyone.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This drug made my nightmare even worse. In the 5 months I was on it, it caused me to gain nearly 60 pounds! Over 10 pounds a month! I had to literally buy bigger clothes every 2 weeks. Thank goodness for thrift stores! 

As for the pain relief, it didn't do as well as the Opana that I was on prior to the Xtamza. Then Opana was pulled from the market suddenly, though, supposedly in the reaction to the "opioid crisis," so I needed something to replace it, and the doctors gave me Xtamza that fall. I suffered with worse pain relief and rapid weight gain for 5 months, until they finally switched me to something else! I would not suggest this medicine to my worse enemy!

You may not suffer from the extreme weight gain like I did. You may get better pain relief than I did. But beware, because some of us have *awful* side effects from this stuff!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“These are horrible! They do not work! I feel like my pills came from the dollar general store!!!! Where is this medicine coming from? I was on another brand worked great for my chronic pain. They switched to these, and the pain is unbearable:( I have to take Aleve which works way better. When you have a brand that works, they shouldn't be allowed to switch. Some people are sensitive and can tell the difference. Horrible!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“The white shaped ones that say R P & 15 are no good, they do nothing. Small green with E 7 & big green with U23 are good. There is a difference, 1s by Rhodes Pharmaceuticals are rubbish. The green are by Aurolife Pharma & Epic Pharma. Get those. I'm arguing with these morons again & I'm going through pain. I see that WE are getting screwed by these moron over pain meds. I'm in pain 24 hours a day. ”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Did not do a thing. SUCKS”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have severe shoulder pain along with other bone problems and was taking Oxycontin 20mg twice a day and seemed to get a lot of relief and able to sleep at night and get through most days w/o too much suffering. Living in Ohio has forced my Dr. to take me off the Oxycontin and prescribe the Xtampza 18mg twice daily. What a terrible medicine this turned out to be, constant diarrhea w/ nausea and almost zero pain relief! I had taken the Oxycontin for 19 yrs.  and it worked great for my chronic pain. Ohio should be ashamed for this action, some of us take our meds as prescribed and are responsible law abiding citizens!”2019Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This has given me a quality-of-life that I did not have! I am able to enjoy time with my child again, do some hobbies I wants had to quit and it helps me not to just barely get through the day but to enjoy parts of the day again.”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My father has been on this drug for over 25 years and I have been by his side the entire 21 years I have been alive and I have never once seen him misuse the drug, sell it or abuse it in any way shape or form. He has 6 herniated disks in his back, a bad knee and a bad hip. He is able to run his business and be extremely productive when he has his medication as he is not in pain when he does. But the DEA has started cutting people down simply because some doctors and some patients abused it. Because of the few the majority are being hurt. I bet if the person at the DEA had anyone they know or themselves where in pain they would NEVER make such a careless move as to make doctors afraid to prescribe it in fear of losing their licence to practice. This drug is a miracle drug and I have seen so much good come from it. Especially my father being able to live a normal life with the medication (:”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Anybody that has taken pain meds for a while can tell that certain brands have changed and not effective at all  My guess is sneaky gov in office equals sneaky practices. Threats of law suits equals manufacturers taking a defensive placebo position. The press and the gossip has made things ridiculous. Someone needs to pay for the garbage going on.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I changed pain docs & he immediately changed me from 15mg MS ER to Xtampza 27mg every 12 hours.  I also take Percocet 10/325 tid. The MS wasn't working and neither is the Xtampza. I have severe chronic pain due to a near fatal wreck 3.5 years ago; degloving of my leg, had to have arterial/muscle/skin transplants, back broken at 5 levels, all told I had 35 broken bone and internal injuries, I hurt....bad. IF the Xtampza works at all, it takes 3-4 hours to kick in & only lasts about 2-3 hours if that. I've also gained weight, have mood swings which I've never had before & horrific vivid dreams. Not impressed at all!”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“There is a really good document all about Xtampza and how it works etc. and it is well worth the read.  If you google "FDA ADVISORY COMMITTEE BRIEFING DOCUMENT
Xtampza™ ER
(EXTENDED-RELEASE OXYCODONE)" and you should find it 

I read ALL of the reviews and this relates to many. This does have a different bioavailability that Oxycontin and it is important to have a high fat high calorie HFHC diet to get the best result, not just food when taking. There is a lot of information but if you did not like the med it would possibly allow you to show your doctor why

I am just on my first day and had strange dreams and a lot of restlessness  Still it takes 2-3 days to reach steady state so I am not giving up. My last med, levorphanol pushed me into serotonin syndrome and I NEED something to work.  Quitting it cold turkey was very unpleasant 

I am printing the whole document to read and take notes on. I hope it works and if you try it I hope it works for you. My pain got so bad at the doctor yesterday my BP shot up to 196/136 with a pulse of 131.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I trialed Xtampza ER for 5 days due to a forced step therapy trial. I went into the trial with a positive attitude because I wanted it to work and I can tolerate Oxycodone. (If it worked, my insurance company would stop hassling me because this med is cheaper than my current med.) However, by day two I could not walk or move because I experienced a rare side effect which I think was due to a filler. My muscle groups locked up consecutively one by one starting w/my lower back and spreading across my body. My pain was also completely uncontrolled, so the dosage was not comparable to my previous morphine milligram equivalency. (My trusted pharmacist researched Xtampza and thought it would be equivalent, so I share this as a possible criticism of the drug itself and not a commentary on my tolerance.) I have complex regional pain syndrome, meaning I am an intractable pain patient, and have been prescribed pain medication for about eight years to manage my pain.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone immediate release tablets. 100%  the formulation has been changed & they are completely ineffective. They no longer work at all. KVK Tech brand ofoxycodone is selling literal "Sugar pills" tagged as Oxycodone. Aside from leaving you with a physically sick ill groggy feeling they do nothing for the pain. Guaranteed the public was NOT told about the formulation change. I have been on these meds for many years due to very debilitating painful disease. I am now homebound & bedridden from uncontrolled pain and the fact whatever they are putting in these pills now is making me physically ill along with something else that makes you so extremely tired you cant function. This fake "Opioid Crisis" is the greatest medical disaster of our time and decades from now our children's children's children will be reading about how millions have been left to suffer without effective pain medications & the Government changing the formulation unbeknownst to the public made those who need it physically ill.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have a number of chronic conditions that leave me in chronic pain. I have found manufacturer after manufacturer is either stopping making oxycodone or changing the formulation so that it is not at all effective. I was in hospital and they gave me  the generic oxycodone Mallinckrodt   brand which is no better than a sugar pill, it doesn't work or have any affect”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Until last weekend I had three nights of good sleep. It takes 4 hours (zombie time) to come on. It then helps with  pain for 5.5 hours. 
It is formulated using fatty acids from wax. It does not mix with water, you must eat some fat for it to work, which sucks at bedtime. If I take it just before falling asleep I wake up to pee and then I lay awake for 3-4 hours. If I take  it 4 hours before bedtime then I 4 hours to go to sleep. I have found a way to take it and get a good nights sleep! I get up at 5:00 AM, eat a Siggi’s Triple Cream yogurt and a few tablespoons of heavy cream in a glass, take the dose then back to sleep. I wake up at 8:30-9:00 and it’s working. Second dose between 2:00-3:00PM. FWIW (for what it's worth), coconut oil has 14gm of fat per tablespoon. I talked to my Pharmacist and they take the  coupon for generic OxyContin and 60 will cost me about $110 a month.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“New to me, I am finding out Epic's 15 mg green (E7) generic oxycodone ER
are junk & nothing like ACTA's brand which I had been taking the last 6 months,
which worked fine on me except for that constipation issue sometimes.

3x per day was taken for bad back, bad knees, (L) shoulder, other issues etc.
I'm just disappointed (again) with the latest shenanigans.
So, users ... Caveat emptor aka buyer beware … That's my 2 cents worth.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Since I was just switched to Xtampza ER on 4-19-19 and have been taking 9mg twice daily for a week. So I really can't say too much other than I have had a headaches daily starting one day after starting the medication & has not let up yet. I was told that this drug would last longer than my current medication which was OxyContin 10 mg twice daily. So far neither have lasted the 12 hours as it claims. I am lucky to get 5 to 6 hours of relief per dose. Neither gave me complete pain relief but some was better than none.  My pharmacy said they have never had anyone prescribed this medication before me.  I was lucky enough to get my script at my monthly doctor visit. Pharmacy had to special order medication but could not order it until they got a prior authorization from the doctor or my insurance would not process.  At this point I do not feel that I am getting the relief I was getting previously as far as the length of time. I was down for 2 days with a bad headache out of the 7 days on this medication.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I was injured in training in the Army and honorably discharged. I had pain in my shoulders and back shoulder, blades legs, also chronic headaches and migraines. If I knew how hard it was to come off of the pills I would have rather done anything else and don’t recommend anyone to take any opioids or a medicine with any amount in them. I also recommend not to use longer than 2 weeks. This goes for any other drug close to this unless you are terminally ill and plan to take forever. Morphine and even hydrocodone because it’s an opioid as well. If it has a strong chance of being mentally and physically addictive. Never take it because the pain you have is not as bad as trying to stop it eve if you have only taken it for a couple months. Make it the last thing you ever take because it will be something that that you will always take or have serious issues and problems that take years if you are ever able to not take again.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“The potency is horrible, the 10 mg does absolutely nothing! Have there been many complaints about this medication? I’m going to file an FDA about it”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Been only taking Xtampza ER for less then a week and am happy so far. 2X 18.5mg a day. Little itching which is slowly stopping. Works well and has taken the down deep pain so I now have my life back . Been in pain for twenty years been there and done that and can say this medication WORKS.”2019Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“FYI-as other sleuths such as myself have discovered: the CAMBER brand oxycodone (I get prescribed 15mg) are JUNK! For the last two months, this is ALL my mom and pop shoppe have had in stock allegedly and I’m telling you, they are BOGUS or FAKES. My doc has even written on my scripts DO NOT fill with CAMBER BRAND and the pharmacy still has, so I was stuck with them. Plus, sarcasm, it’s so easy to just transfer a CONTROLLED MED script to a NEW pharmacy-LOL- they’ll give you the junkie glare or straight up lie and say they don’t carry it. Lol. This whole nightmare has become such a blatant and laughable joke really. We (legit pain patients) are on to ALL of you playing this game with our lives. The jig is up.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“After nearly a year of using 18mg Xtempza (started at 9mg and worked up to 18mg) I’ve found waking an hour early and taking it with high fat yogurt and sleeping another hour leaves me feeling refreshed and on my way. It only seems to work for 6-8 hours so I use 20 mg baclofen  and 10 mg oxy for breakthrough between doses. It also helps to use Tylenol in addition as it synergizes both forms. Also, if you can get your BP up for at least 20 minutes by taking a fast paced walk it also helps get the meds into your system much quicker. It’s not always easy but exercise helps in every way if you’re able. It’s not the perfect medicine but without it I would be miserable and likely unable to work and tolerate the cancers and radiation proctitis nearly as well as I am.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Because of  “opioid crisis,” EVERYONE is playing God. I've been living with chronic pain for a decade. I can tell you that I’ve been on norco - went thru every kind until switched to oxycodone. The prob - The 350$ visit  to get pill prescription  these people rxed it all 2 legit junkies. What about people who actually take them as prescribed? We don’t get *high* off them. We get pain relief that helps us live a semi normal life. We are physically dependent on them, but that’s the price we pay in order to have any semblance of our old lives (pre injury or illness.) But yet, we are lumped in with the “junkies.” And treated awful-by EVERYONE. To those saying Xtampza “works great,” I have tried them and they are equal to an Advil so don’t work. So your “stellar” reviews can only mean  A) some people's bodies can't  break down the  Xtampa or b) 1/2 the people are getting a placebo pill of those and all say the same -they’re junk and lousy, while the other 1/2 of the ppl r getting a “legit version” of them.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone 30 Mg Tablets used to be effective for chronic pain. However, since the start of the "Opioid Crisis" & the medication started becoming less & less effective. I do not think this is a "coincidence" either. KVK Tech is one of the worst manufacturer's their oxycodone is like taking a sugar pill anymore. It's one of the worst brands on the market in terms of effectiveness. This medication has been changed & the public was not made aware of it guaranteed.”2019For Pain:		“Hi, before I start - just stay away from this drug. I've been on Targin 10/5 for 6 months now. Was taking 3 tablets per 24hr period and sometimes 4. At first it took the edge off but found over the next few months I needed more. In doing this I felt like rubbish. Dizzy, vertigo, depression, constipation and absolutely no sex drive, no patience, frustration is another con. Losing appetite, sleeping is a chore. At the moment I am taking half a tablet morning and night and the effects are really playing with my mind. Its been 2 days now and the thoughts of suicide is always there.  Even friends have noticed the difference in my life, for the worst I can't stop shaking.  Eating is a chore, this drug is so addictive.  I would rather be in pain than continue taking Targin. It has ruined my life.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have several conditions that are associated with chronic pain I've been on oxycodone for years and it was like miracle drug not only did it take away my pain it also worked for my depression, my anxiety, my restless leg syndrome,  my blood pressure, and it helped me 100 percent in every area of pain. I had hard time at first finding brand that didn't make me sick and that worked best it was qualitest 30 mg. Now they've done something to them they are not the same and I'm back to suffering and I don't mean a little change these new ones don't work at all I've even doubled up on my dose and still no relief. I'd like to know how to find one now that works, how do I find another brand that does? I've tried the ones that have a M and a 30 on it those don't work either. Please tell me what happened to qualitest brand? Please tell me what other ones can I try? I'm really suffering now and it's been two months my depression is back my anxiety back I feel no relief.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“This medication takes my pain away and enables me to do things which I was unable to do previously. It is a great medication when used per your doctor's instructions.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have tried many types of drugs for my 30 years of  chronic pain , after experiencing the many side side effects and damages to my body from all these experiments , ( ulcers in my esophagus and stomach, depression, and many more damages, I have found oxycodone  is effective and the least damaging to my body. I take 10mg per day three times a day and it works well for me. My  only problem with this opiate crisis it’s almost impossible to get it but it’s my body and I know what works for me I am not addicted and I only take it as prescribed. That is what really bothers me because I have to be in pain and there’s something that can help me and  I'm begging to get it, but  you can’t beg because then you’re addicted and if you don’t ask for and tell him that’s the only thing that works after 30 years of experimentation.  I take it as prescribed and it allows me to work and be able to enjoy my grandchildren so why do I have to lay in my chair all day and collect disability”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I’m a 23 year old male who’s been suffering from chronic, SEVERE testicular, scrotal, pelvic, groin, and pudental pain for about 3 years now, due to a severe weight lifting injury. I tore and damaged many muscle tissue and nerves in my pelvis, which resulted in referred pain that radiates down to my genital area. It’s miserable, agonizing sharp and stabbing pain and the condition I have is called Testicular Neuralgia. In order to live with this pain, my Pain Management doctor gives me 30 mg of Oxycodone four times a day along with a long-acting pain medication. The Oxycodone is a LIFESAVER for this painful condition and it takes my level of pain down from an 8/10 to a 3/10. It really helps living with severe pain tolerable and I’m able to function like a normal young man. No side effects either.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have 4 herniated disc in my neck, two failed right shoulder rotator cuff surgeries, back surgery on L5 and esophageal cancer that has not spread (thank God). I'm starting on Xtampza ER in a few days for this chronic pain and was very nervous however, it's time. I was taking four 15mg oxy IR. Down to four 10/325 Percocet and  will now be trying two x 18 Xtampza plus one break through. After reading some of the real comments from people switching to Xtampza, that the drug actually works I feel more confident. I will report back once I'm taking to give full and honest report. I will give honest report back as I'm not looking to get high - I  just want to manage the pain so I can live a sub par but somewhat normal life, what I have left. Good luck to all of you with your pain management issues”2019For Pain:		“I played Racquetball almost 50 years. Played pretty aggressively.
It kept me in shape for my work level. But, I had operations on both knees, one shoulder and the other shoulder needs an operation. Racquetball is always rough on feet. It's been over 10 years since knees were operated on and they need the knee replacement operation.
Oxycontin is the best pain reliever. No tylenol or advil since I have had my limit on those drugs Tylenol and Advil are a killer to the body anyway.
The nurse at the PM tells me that different people will have a drug that works best. Mine is Oxycontin....the pain is relieved and you are not impaired.”2019For Pain:		“I have had sciatica for 15 or so years. Went to neurosurgeon, actually 3 and was not convinced surgery would help. I have a leg length discrepancy and my tail bone didn't form correctly. I tried everything. P.T. Chiropractor nothing helps. Tried Gabapentin it just made me exhausted. Oxycodone has worked for me.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After years of trial and failure to control the chronic pain this med has done what none other has.  I been on 150mg lyrica 3/day, Morphine ER, fentanyl patch, and many other meds for over 15 years.  All those other meds became ineffective and offered little relief.  Now, 2 months into twice daily use of xtampza I finally have a new baseline.  Though I still take other meds and a breakthrough pain killer occasionally I don’t feel as though there’s no help.  It’s not cheap, and my various prescription coverage still didn’t cover all the costs.  I still firmly believe I’m better off with this medication and if offered to others it may be what you’ve needed for a long time.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was just switched to Xtampza ER, took my first dose this morning. My doctor did not mention food at all but I always read about the meds I take. In BOLD they say to take this Med with food. If you take it in the morning before eating you will get maybe half the dose. The oral bioavailability goes up by as much as 150% with a high fat/high calorie meal. I called the manufacturer but they were unable to tell me exactly what is a “high fat/high calorie meal”. I ate some walnuts, two slices of Ezekiel bread toasted with butter and about a cup of Promised Land chocolate milk. They also say that you should eat the same amount of food with each dose to maintain even blood serum levels.
My guess is it is this lack of knowledge that is causing some patients to find this drug ineffective of erratic. I’ll probably settle on 1/4 cup walnuts, couple of eggs (boiled) and maybe a Boost Plus (or chocolate milk). 
In any case it seems to be working.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“In a word...awful.  I've been on 2x18mg Xtampza ER for over a month now, after my sadistic insurance co refused to cover Oxycontin, which I've been taking 2x20mg since 07 for severe pelvic floor pain.  While Xtampza designed to avert abuse, it most definitely IS NOT designed for any credible chronic pain relief. First and foremost, it's doing very little for my pain.  It takes FOREVER, like 2+ hours(!) to work, and lasts 3-4 hours, at best.  I'm being generous saying it "works", since it barely takes the edge off my pain.  I still have to take breakthrough meds, even while this junk is supposed to be in full effect.  I regularly experience strong side effects described by other reviews, including headaches, nausea, sleeplessness and high anxiety. It's amusing to hear the claims of this med being "exactly the same" as Oxycontin - the one thing that actually worked.”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on opiates for 15 years now, because of a degenerative condition on my C5 and C6 disks, and a  sterno-clavicular joint with constant sub-luxation and arthrosis. 3 years ago I was prescribed Oxycontin 20mg 2xdaily and for breakthrough pain I simply chew 1/3 to 1/2 of a 20mg Oxycontin tablet. Less side effects than morphine and much better pain management combined with Celecoxib and Paracetamol.  I do not overmedicate when I do not need it, since I had such bad experiences with tramadol addiction, that stuff was vile. Sometimes I take it a few weeks in a row and pause when I can to lessen the habituation and I never will get dependent. 42 pieces of 20mg Oxycontin tabs is enough for like 2 months of quality life as it very effectively takes the edge of the pain that I have every time I am standing or being active for more than a few hours in a row. Besides some pruritus (itching) from time to time and the occasional constipation I get from Oxycontin all is well. A 8+ out of 10 from me !”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“More effective than any medicine for pain I have been prescribed in the past. Finally some relief”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I had an unfortunate automobile accident two days before my daughters wedding, that changed my life. I have been taking Oxycodone for chronic pain in the neck, shoulder, disc. Last year the clinic drug tested me and accused me of not taking the meds, they said I was selling them.  Since then they cut me back to two 20 mgs a day from four 20 mgs a day, could you imagine what I have been through, they increased it back to three 20mgs a day, but I have to take tylenol and 800 motrin to control the pain.  The oxys last about 3 hours.  I hate the government for what they have done to us chronic pain sufferers.  We need a voice to protest, because they are making everybody suffer due to the overdoses of many.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“For years I have taken a small round green pill known as oxycodone 15 mg but I recently had my script filled and have a new manufacture by Rhodes that is a white oblong pill and it  does not help at all for my pain”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Other than being a surviving multi-system, multi-trauma patient with chronic pain from breaking my neck, back, and compound fractures both of my legs from a forty (40 ) foot fall off a ladder, I’m a healthy 56 year old guy! Lol
   Unfortunately, after getting this pill, yesterday, for the first time, from my pharmacist, I found them far too small for my bear paw fingers! I take 5-8 at a time. Just while counting them out this morning for the first time, I dropped 3 of them! I can’t have that happening with 7 dogs roaming our household! I’ve already notified my pharmacy. As for the medication itself, it did what it was supposed to do, which was to take the edge off of my extreme discomfort! Thank you.  Please stay safe, healthy, sane, and sober. Peace”2019OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I am a 62 year old mom of 5, wife for 35 years.  About 20 years ago I was being treated for chronic bilateral back pain with sciatica, herniated disc, lumbar degenerative disc disease. That being said, I was prescribed 80 mg of Oxycontin 3 times daily with Oxycodone 30mg immediate release for break through pain. It was life saving!!!! I was able to function, work at our business, take care of my family and do everyday tasks. Now, because of the "OPIOD CRISIS", my Dr. tells me, I no longer can take this medication, and has taken me down to 30mg of Oxycontin 2 times per day and 20 mg  
Oxycodone up to 2 times daily! BTW, since the very first diagnosis I described, I now have Scoliosis of  thoracolumbar spine and postural kyphosis of the thoracic region. So, from someone like myself, I don't abuse, sell, or give out my medication, why do I along with so many people like me, have to be taken off a medication that offers them to live a somewhat productive life with almost bearable pain???”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Medication seems weak. For what it is it's not up to the task. I have had 10 mg tabs made by Sun Pharma, Red in color that have more analgesic affect. It's not tolerance. I know the difference. These are not up to par. Like a placebo !”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Xtampza ER 18mg 2x a day, also on oxycodone 10/325 3x daily.  This morning I thought I would try something different.  Acetaminophen boosts oxycodone, so I said to myself that tylenol probably would boost an extended release for of oxycodone and guess what, 0% Pain.  I take 1.5 oxycodone and 1 xtampaza ER and another tylenol capsule, extremely loopy but wow does it help.  I take for Broken disc, herniated disc, torn ACL, torn Rotator Cuff and Vascular problems as well.  Just take 1 or 1.5 Oxycodone and one 500mg tylenol with the xtampza.”2019Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Very disappointed. Was on morphine sulfate 100mg. My doctor wanted me to try Xtampa. Not impressed. They just gave me headaches and stomach pain with no relief from my chronic pain, plus with insurance it cost me $273.00 will not use this again.”2019Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Been on and off of it for intractable pain and trigeminal neuralgia for 10 years . I was taking 30 mg every 4 hours or 6×day. That work for me for a long time until my doctor  of 14 years retired and it's been downhill from there. Now I'm only prescribed 30mg 3 times a day and thinking about what are the options I have because when you're on these drugs for so long you don't have adequate relief or adequate medication it just leaves you and I state of withdrawal and increased sensitivity to pain”2019