OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have severe chronic neck pain due to permanent spinal cord nerve damage.  I was given 20mgs twice a day and it didn't give me enough pain relief.  The doctor has increased the dose to 20mgs three times a day and the side effects are too much to handle.  My brain is foggy, I'm more anxious, dizzy, very lightheaded, I have a nagging headache that will not go away and I have an all around ill feeling.  I like the idea of a pain medicine that is timed release and spreads out over time but, this mediciation is not right for me.  I can't wait to get off of the oxycontin.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin is the best drug I have ever had.  I suffer from a prolapsed disc L5/S1. I also have a lot of shoulder pain due to a work accident where I had a bad fall. My dosage for Oxycontin is 120mg twice a day.  I also take Panadeine Forte 200mg twice a day also Oxynorm 10mg 1-2 times per day for breakthrough pain.  I also wear a patch called Fentanyl Durgesic 75mgr. I also get injections every 2-3 months, I also take a lot of depression medication. Overall with this combination my pain is under control most days but some days I cannot even get up and I lose my balance a lot.  I have to rotate my movements regularly during the day and night I cannot sleep properly due to the pain.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have chronic back problem and take Oxycontin 40mg and I know they work.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on oxycontin 40mg for 2 months. It does not relieve my pain 100% but has given me some relief. I see a pain doctor. He started me on suboxone so that I would not get addicted to it. The worse side effect that I have noticed is the itching and nothing works. My doctor decreased me from taking the oxycontin 40mg three times a day to twice a day but he has put me on dilaudid 4mg every 8 hours as needed for pain. My pain had decreased when I was taking the 40mg 3 times a day. When I was taking it twice a day when the weather would change I would be in so much pain that I would have to go get an injection of demerol 100mg and phenergan 50mg. I was in a car accident over 8 yrs ago and had several injuries, but I still suffer from bracial plexus”2009For Pain:		“Itching near the head and constipation.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“An excellent pain reliever. I did experience a few side effects though. I became irritable and would sometimes hear sounds I wasn't sure of. This drug has a high risk of dependency, but it can be controlled. To me, the side effects are worth it due to the great pain relief it provides.”2009For Pain:		“This medicine works great! I'm only 20 years old, have torn my acl in my right knee 2 times, and had to have rods and pins put in my knee cap when I was 16, since then I've had 3 surgeries on it and when I turned 18, my doctor told me about oxycodone. Since I've been 18, and now 20, I've been taking Percocet, at first I was on 15mg 3 times a day, just recently he bumped me up to 30mg 3 times a day. The pain nearly goes away for 2 hours at a time. My doctor told me they would work for 6-8 hours at a time, that is not true and if I don't take them for a day I experience withdrawals. I feel guilty for taking them because I am so young, and everybody gives me a hard time for it, but the pain is not tolerable without them. It's true it really works!”2009For Pain:		“I am a disabled veteran with severe headaches due to trauma from a combat injury.  Thankfully I am able to live a fully functional life because of this drug.  You'd think people, especially doctors, would be more sympathetic to our returning veterans.  I have a steady job, a wonderful wife, and still when I was first being seen by doctors, they treated me like I was some pill-seeking addict.  Thankfully, I was able to get into a pain management program at the VA and have a wonderful, understanding doctor.  I take 5mg Oxycodone 4 times a day, and it has changed my life. It amazes me how paranoid medical professionals have become.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Had been on Kadian and still had pain and had memory/confusion.  Oxycontin worked great for pain with less side effects.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“One of the best pain relievers you can find. For me it gets rid of the pain and makes you feel relaxed. Good Stuff!”2009For Pain:		“Its very good for pain”2009For Pain:		“Have had moderate to severe pain for over 10 years. Percocet was the first to even touch my pain, then had to be switched to Oxycontin, when the withdrawal was too much. Oxycontin didn't last 12 hours, took it every 8 and still experienced withdrawal symptoms and breakthrough pain. Finally switching to Hydromorph contin. Much better, now I have no withdrawals ever.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have severe chest pain from my esophagus and my doctor gave me 60 pills of Oxycontin 40mg and 10/500 Percocet. The Oxycontin was for major episodes and the Percocet was too take 4 times a day.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“As a medical doctor with a practice specializing in the management of acute and chronic pain I find, from experience, that this medicine has sufficient pain relieving attributes but in return comes with a high risk of dependency.”2009For Pain:		“I have osteoarthritis in my hands and back. My knuckles have gotten so big I've had to cut off my wedding band. My job requires me to be on a computer key board 6 1/2 out of 8 hours a day. Without this I may not be working!”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I suffer from degenerative disc disease.  For years I was unable to live a normal functioning life.  My Doc had me taking 4/10mg Norcos & 4/30mg Morphine pills daily.  While they gave me some relief, I was still in a great deal of pain and felt like I was taking pills all the time. I spoke to my Doc about my continuing pain and the constant pill popping with minimal relief.  She told me about Oxycontin.  She said that she didn't normally prescribe it and only had one other patient on it but, I could try it to see if it gave me any better relief.  I take 3/40mg Oxycontins daily now and the difference in my life is amazing.  I hate the way people treat me when they learn that I am taking Oxy.  It works wonders so get off our backs.”2009For Pain:		“This medicine works like heaven. I was taking other medicines and was on pain all the time. Ever since I started taking 30 mg oxycodone I'm back to my normal lifestyle, pain free.”2009For Pain:		“It is our RIGHT to have medication available for our use.  My advice is to use correctly.  After several years of increasing my own doses to 20/day (7.5/200 vicoprofin). I decided to quit or die of an O.D.  So I went to a specialist who deals with detox using Suboxone or Subutux.  Either one will help if you are worried about withdrawals.”2009For Pain:		“I TOTALLY agree with the comment about withdrawal symptoms...not worth it all for me.”2009For Pain:		“Awesome for pain. Withdrawal is disgusting. The worst stomach flu you have ever had times 10 plus depression. If you only plan on taking it for a couple of days great. For long term NOT GOOD! Please be careful very very addicting.”2009For Pain:		“I just had my wisdom teeth removed, and I haven't really had any pain. The medicines do make me feel a bit dizzy and tired, but it's really not too bad.”2009For Pain:		“I've been taking oxycodone 5mg x6 daily for about a year now for fibromyalgia and back pain and it works wonders. Without it my day to day would be impossible. I have a small child to look after and taking this medication has given me the ability to live and function normally. My average pain level is 4, without medicines it would easily be 8 or 9 maybe even reach 10. Wonderful drug, DO NOT take if you are easily addicted to things, if so this drug to do a lot of damage. Please be careful.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am 58 yrs old. In my teens and early 20s I played sports and have had numerous spine injury's. So far I have had 5 spine surgery, Radiation for cancer. I have lived with constant pain that is unbelievable. My quality of life was poor to say the least although I have be very active in hunting and fishing sports despite the pain. This drug is a life saver, any and every drug can be misused, the government has the Doctor community afraid of their own shadows on this drug, but properly used for folks like me it has no equal. My quality of life without this drug would be zero, side effects are there but manageable. If you are living with severe pain, seek out a Doctor that with prescribe this drug for you, and monitor you for the side effects.”2009For Pain:		“I am a 3 yr Breast Cancer Survivor and I got severe nerve damage from the waist down from the chemotherapy. I was to the point of taking two 10/500 Vicodins up to 3 to 4 times a day.  I am now on 10/650 Oxycodone and it's wonderful! I am a hairdresser and without this drug I could not walk. During chemo I was on the liquid oxy and it works in about 15 minutes. The pills take about 1/2 hour to 45 min.  Great Drug!”2009For Pain:		“Helped me and my pain.”2009Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medicine has worked wonders on my chronic back pain. I have tried everything from Tramadol to Opana ER and for the price Roxicodone 30mg tops them all if taken as prescribed, and at the same time each day. The only downfall is that you must take the pills more frequently than say MS Contin or Oxycontin where you only need them every 12 hours. However that was my main problem with the Opana, Oxycontin, Etc., they didn't seem to last the full 12 hours as advertised. I was lucky if I got a good 8 hours from them.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“EXCELLENT they really work for me”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am so very pleased to read all of these reviews. I have been on Oxycontin for just over a year. After one cervical and two lumbar fusions my ortho doctor refused to prescribe anything stronger than Percocet. He referred me to the pain clinic and I am so very lucky to have a knowledgeable doctor. Oprah had a show on prescription drug addicts today (my family all have issues with this medication). I would like to see someone brave enough to stand up for all of us in chronic pain that HAVE to take this medication to simply function. I take 60mg 2x's a day and have felt guilty that is until I happened upon these postings. Now I feel like I can ask my doctor to up my dose one more time so that I can get the full benefit of the medicine.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Been on this medication for three months now. Having problems with having to urinate in the middle of the night. Also, can't sleep an entire night and the mood swings are unbelievable. Pain wise, it does a good job.”2009For Pain:		“I don't care what most say, this is the best pain reliever I have ever had for my chronic pain. No other medicine works like this does. Only problems I ever had with it was the one time I ran out a day early and I had some withdrawals so yes it will give you withdrawals but if you are taking the right amount and doing what you are supposed to, and have a good doctor, that won't be a problem. This is a great drug for people that follow directions and are in severe pain.  After a year or so, you will get too used to it, that's when you go on something else for a week or bare the pain and take ibuprofen and then when the week is up it will work again.  That's how great this drug is, it works again in a few days!”2009For Pain:		“I took Oxycodone 325mg, every 4 hours after my facial surgery. They worked very well and had to stop taking after a few days for the effects of controlling the pain where to much for me, I went to regular Tylenol afterwords.”2009For Pain:		“It works”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm on Oxycontin 10 mg a day, 4 x 10 mg percocet a day, 1 Soma a day. Have bulging/herniated L45 disc, as well as small annular tear on L5S1 disc. The problems on those discs...Without the pain-killers, I would be suffering everyday.”2009For Pain:		“I noticed that the relief from pain has diminished from 8 hrs, down to 6 hrs.”2009Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was taking Oxycontin after 2 shoulder surgeries, then I was in a bad auto accident. Even upping me to 80mg 2 x daily wasn't enough. My doctor suggested the Oxyfast for breakthrough pain, so I tried it. This was the only combination that took away all my pain, so I could work and care for my family. Then Oxyfast was removed from the market and my doctor put me on roxicodone. It doesn't work nearly as fast as the Oxyfast which worked in under 10 minutes, this takes 30 minutes and works almost as well. At 29 yrs old I thought my life was over, but these medications gave me my life back. If it wasn't for these medications I don't know where I'd be now (10 yrs later). I have kidney and liver function tests done 2 times a year with no changes from day one.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was taking Oxycontin after 2 shoulder surgeries, then I was in a bad auto accident. Even upping me to 80mg 2 x daily wasn't enough. My doctor suggested Oxyfast for breakthrough pain, so I tried it. This was the only combination that took away all my pain, so I could work and care for my family. At 29 yrs old I thought my life was over, but these 2 medications gave me my life back!”2009Oxyfast (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was taking Oxycontin after 2 shoulder surgeries, then I was in a bad auto accident. Even upping me to 80mg 2 x daily wasn't enough. My doctor suggested the Oxyfast for breakthrough pain, so I tried it. This was the only combination that took away all my pain, so I could work and care for my family. At 29 yrs old I thought my life was over, but these medications gave me my life back!”2009For Pain:		“Worked better than all other opiates.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have had 3 major life-saving surgeries in 11 months, and have tried a number of pain medications. While grateful to be alive, the constant pain had reduced my quality of life to just about zero. I now take Oxycontin 20 mg 2x a day,   vicodin 10/325 4 times a day for breakthrough pain. This "recipe" has literally given me my life back!  Occasional constipation is the only real side-effect I've experienced. 6 months ago I spent most of my life in bed. Now I am able to participate in all the activities I enjoyed before the surgeries, and take care of the day to day responsibilities of housekeeping, etc, without help. ”2009Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This is the best out there. I have been on Roxicodone for 2 years and it is the only pain medication that actually takes away the pain and it doesn't even make me tired.”2009For Pain:		“I was not satisfied with the effectiveness of this drug for my earache.”2009For Pain:		“I have a L5 S1 herniated disc. And have been through MANY pain medicines and this is the only 1 that has done anything. I have been on it since January 09 and have had the dosage increased once. I was referred by my family doctor to the NeuroSpine Clinic. ”2009For Pain:		“The only problem I have with this pain medicine is the itching I get from it. I had neck fusion surgery in November and lumbar fusion on January 13 and emergency back surgery 2weeks later. This is the only pain medicine that has ever really helped control my pain.”2009For Pain:		“I fell 25 foot off a roof at work and shattered both heels and ankles, in October of 2008 and from the trauma of the fall and surgeries I got RSD (reflex sympathetic dystrophy). If it where not for the Oxycontins I would not be able to do what needs to be done day to day. And they work well with the other medications I am on. ”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Works miracles for Fibromyalgia. I don't ever want to experience the pain of a nerve attack without Oxycontin ever again. I'm 19, so I can't just stay home and suffer and lounge around. I have a life to live, and if it weren't for Oxycontin I wouldn't be able to perform simple every day tasks. I will say though it is much, much safer to stay with the lowest possible dose, which are the 10mg ones (I don't take generics so there are probably lower doses, I just don't know of them). If you use Oxycontin in moderation and as prescribed it is easy to control dependency. They also work great for Rheumatoid Arthritis. Hope this helps.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“It allows me to get out of bed. I can't imagine living without it. ”2009For Pain:		“Had lower back surgery, disc removed, nuts and bolts installed. Oxycodone helped with the recovery. No side effects. If used as prescribed an excellent pain medication.”2009For Pain:		“Awesome for teeth pain.”2009For Pain:		“The only thing I don't like about this medicine is that it doesn't work for very long...3 hours at the most.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Oxycontin for over a year now and it has helped me tremendously although I only take 30mg XR 3 times a day and IR for break through pain 3 times a day.  I am not in pain most of the day.  I awake in the morning feeling crappy but take an IR and within 1/2 hour I am fine.  I do not feel "high", I can function normally and even care for 3 grandchildren I am now raising.  So, without this medication, I'd be on short term pain medicines that do nothing but make you sleep.  I was on Roxicodone for a year as well and they took me off at my request and because I needed pain medicines for the long term I thank whoever is responsible for finding this medication for us, who depend on it, to let us lead normal (best of our ability) lives.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Hydrocodone 10 /500 and Norcos 10/325 for a year. He recently moved me over to Percocet 10/500. I was still taking 4-5 at a time 3 to four times a day and functioning fine, going to school and taking care of my kids without a hitch. I could not afford to take them anymore at 100 dollars with no insurance for a script.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very strong medicine. Good for long lasting relief.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone):		“Excellent information. Everthing I was looking for and more.”2009For Pain:		“I'M 21 YEARS OLD AND HAVE A LOWER BACK PAIN FROM BEING OVER WEIGHT AS A CHILD. I HAVE LOST THE WEIGHT BUT STILL HAVE THE PAIN. I HAVE TAKEN 3 x 5MG OF OXYCODONE AND IT HELPS ME WORK A FULL DAY.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“As a pharmacy technician, the advice in this column recommends that unused portions of the drug should be flushed in the toilet.  This is an incorrect myth.  Drugs flushed in the toilet can contaminate our resources and water supply.  Any drugs not used should be turned into a pharmacy so proper disposal can be taken care of.
***
Editor's Note - Only about a dozen drugs, such as powerful
narcotic pain relievers and other controlled substances, carry instructions for flushing to reduce the danger of unintentional use or overdose and illegal abuse.
The FDA worked with the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP) to develop the first consumer guidance for proper disposal of prescription drugs.
See http://www.fda.gov/ForConsumers/ConsumerUpdates/ucm101653.htm”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This has worked great for my lower back pain.”2009For Pain:		“I was given a prescription for oxycodone while passing a kidney stone. This medicine has worked miracles for the pain that brought tears to my eyes.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I had a fatal accident 12 months ago a, broke both pelvis, multiple ribs, fractured ankle and many more fractures in my body. I use this medicine for the pain and it is 100% effective.”2009For Pain:		“I've been on oyxcodone for 3 yrs due to metal in my neck and lower back. Had surgery 2 years ago. Still have stiffness, and neck and lower back really hurts when it's cold, due to the metal in my back and neck. Oxycodone has really helped me.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“To keep this within limits I will not get detailed on the benefits of Oxycontin. As you can read on the other forums it works. I take 80mg 3x a day and it works great. Been on it for 5 years now and liver test done last month was excellent. I am tired of the bad rap this medicine gets though. There are even sites devoted to its removal by people who have lost loved ones who abused the drug. While I feel for these people, no one told anyone abuse this wonderful drug. When taken properly this medicine works excellent with little to no side effects. It is said that you become dependent on this medicine but it is meant for long term and a good doctor will bring you down properly. So withdrawals should be minimum. This is a true wonder drug.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin has really helped me with pain.”2009For Pain:		“I have neuropathy in both feet up to my knees and both hands and without this drug I couldn't walk or do much of anything else. I have been taking Oxycodone for one and a half years and would not even consider stopping.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been in pain for 3 years and Oxycodone has been a life saver. I take 3 x 40s and 3 x 30 IR a day and I can get up and live my life as best as I can. I still have pain but these have made it better to live. I hate how everyone looks down on this medication that my doctor has helped me with. Thank goodness for doctors who help.”2009For Pain:		“Very bad constipation even with one pill, but great pain relief for over 12 hours.”2009For Pain:		“I found using this medication for pain helps a lot more than some of the pain relievers my Doctor has given me before. ”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin is the greatest pain killer ever made, I dislocated both my shoulders at the same time and was taken to ER and sat there for 6 hours with both my shoulder out of socket. I was screaming so anyway after I was fixed a day later the right shoulder popped out again. So got that put in and they gave me 40mg Oxycontin and it took the pain away for good.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Works very well. I highly recommend it.”2009For Pain:		“Back Pain”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have had many years with pain. A combination of 3 drugs is a God send. I take 50 mg Oxycontin twice a day, 500 mg of Ketoprofen twice a day and 100 mg Tramadol twice a day. This rather strange combination has worked for me for 10 years without any problems or without having to increase the medication.”2009For Pain:		“I have been taking oxycodone several times a day for the past 10 days because of severe pain related to shingles. To date it has been totally ineffective in reducing the pain. In addition it has resulted in constipation.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I too believe that this is a great drug. Oxycontin has given me my life back. There is no way I would be able to work without taking it daily 60 mg x2 daily. I hate hearing how bad this is for you, I don't want anyone to know I take it because people think you are an addict.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“The doctors have no idea what is wrong with me and we had been through nearly every strong pain killer that is possible to take when you are pregnant. I am on 80mg Oxycontin a day and find that I get short term pain relief of probably 3 hours of every 12 hours. So I guess it's back to the drawing board for me, because my mum is getting sick of pushing me around in a wheel chair. Oh yeah, I also started having funny things happen to me at night. Like talking to myself even though I was awake. And I would wake up and I would be laying in bed pretending to brush my teeth or brush my daughters hair, or spreading a piece of toast. Very strange.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medicine has been a life saver for severe long term, constant pain. I don't like the dependency effects, but willing to take the risk for relief. It is a life saving medication.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin has given me my life back. I have been only taking Oxycontin for 6 months but before that my life was a living hell because of the pain. ”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I started taking Oxycontin over 3 years ago for chronic pain in my back and left leg and foot. I have peripheral neuropathy, reflex sympathetic dystrophy, sciatic nerve injury, drop foot and have been told I have pinched nerves. All I know is that I have pain. I started taking 40 mg 3 times a day then 80mg twice a day and now my doctor has me on morphine sulphate 100 mg 3 times a day. He said to do this I won't need to continue raising the dose of the Oxycontin. The morphine sulphate has not helped as much as the Oxycontin.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking the extended release tablets of Oxycontin for degenerative spine disease for about 1 1/2 years. I had been through so many different pills, therapy, surgeries, etc. I actually got my life back. I was able to do my housework, do some (limited) activities with my child and most of all work. I am only 47 and cannot believe my life has become a continuous back issue. If it weren't for this medication I would be on disability. I too, am tired of the bad rap people get for being prescribed this medication. The stigma associated with this medication is horrific. It is embarrassing enough that I have this disease and have to rely on medication, but it keeps me productive in society. I refuse to go on disability.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“With degenerative bone disease, my lumbar spine shows up 'black' in x-rays, and nobody will do another surgery on me. So I've been on everything under the sun since 1999, but they all made me too loopy. Then the wonder drug Oxycontin was prescribed to me, and my life was given back. I could clean my house, play with my children basically get off the couch and out of my wheelchair. I can walk now, barely use my cane anymore. I am so sick of the bad press, the drug tests, etc.”2009Roxicodone Intensol (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Takes pain away instantly. Amazing medicine”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I would have to say that it has helped in dealing with pain. I was diagnosed at the age of 11 with JRA (Juvenile Rheumatoid Arthritis). I have been on the 10mg tablets for about 4 years now. Since then I have had severe carpel tunnel, bursitis, tendinitis, gout, bakers cyst on the back of both knees and the arthritis is now in hips and ankles.  I take them twice a day and have Percocet for breakthrough pain. I am currently 38 and have had one total knee replacement and am now trying to save to have the other knee done.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin works great, as long as you get the right dose.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking this medication for years for chronic pain. It has helped me get my life back. I manage it well.  I do not have addictive tendencies so I have not had problems. I am aware that I would have to step down slowly if I stopped taking this medication. Oxycontin has helped me deal with pain so I can take care of my family and hold down a job while dealing with painful osteoarthritis in my back, neck and hips.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was in a very severe auto accident where I went over a cliff driving up to the mountains.  Pain mamgement doctor tried everything from morphine to fentanyl but these medicines caused quality of life issues (felt slow or ephoric).  Now take 20 mg Oxycontin twice daily with 8 5/325 Percocets for break through pain. Miracle drug.  No ups and downs, no side effects.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've had 2 back surgeries in the last 6 months (herniated disc). I still have back pain but the nerve pain all up and down my right leg is unbearable. I take 30mg of Oxycontin twice daily. I also take Percocet 10/325 four times a day for breakthrough pain. I would not be able to stand or sit if not for this medication.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have bean using Oxycontin for 2 years (150mg twice a day). It is doing a good job with out making me feel like a zombie. By the way I suffer from chronic pain syndrome and fibromyalgia. I don't have any side effects and it is controlling the pain to a bearable level. Thank you.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am now on eighth year of Oyxcontin 40 mg twice daily. Though I have breakthrough pain whenever I am a bit too active or on my feet too long I never wanted to increase the dose because I can bear a certain amount of pain. Oxycontin is a wonder drug. Before that I was to the point that I thought my working life was over and it was time to go to the welfare office. ”2009For Pain:		“After only being on this medication for a short time for a L5 S1 back problem, it hasn't helped at all. I get more relief from 800mg of ibuprofen. Have to wait 12 days to see a surgeon and God only knows how long before a surgery.  In constant pain and none of the medicines I have been given work. Guess I'm just one of those that can't be helped.”2009“I fell out of a moving truck at 40MPH and have several back problems. This stuff is wonderful. Lets me live a normal life. Pick up my baby, help my wife around the house, and just be able to go day to day without constant pain and suffering. Now my doctor says I need to go to a pain specialist to get me off the drugs. Let me tell you some days I've tried not to take my pills, and it is so horrible. Why take away something that works just to keep trying other things that don't. I have tried just about everything. I get the feeling my doctor wants me to be in pain.”2009For Pain:		“good”2009“I've been on Oxycontin for 11 years. It helps relieve some pain along with the Duragesic Patch.”2009For Pain:		“I have prostate cancer. I take 1 tablet a day - works good.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“A true wonder-drug for pain; there is nothing that comes even close. It is allowing me to enjoy my life and function in a way that was not possible for decades of maddening trips to physiotherapy and pain clinics and costly prescriptions for drugs that not only did not provide any relief, but also made me feel sick and kept me bed-ridden. Yes, the drug DOES begin to wear off before the 12 hour time-release period, but it stays strong enough to tide you over (and also remind you of how much help it is providing). I've been on the smallest amount (the doctor allows 10mg X 3 plus breakthrough oxycodone for VERY BAD days), for over 2 years; and WILL stick to that regime. Like a genie, you CAN NOT abuse this drug; if you do, it'll just stop working.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I use 3/40mg Oxycontins a day with 10 5/325mg Percocet and it works wonders. Family members frown about the dosage and the fact that I am 26 and have been on pain medicines for a couple years but it takes away 80% of my pain. I just recently started taking the Oxycontin and it works great. I think this is a miracle drug. I have a 8 month old child (first one) and I am able to play with him and pick him up which I couldn't do before these.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin has served me well over the years for numerous severe injuries.  At first I was prone to abuse it either by using more than the prescribed amount or mixing with alcohol.  It didn't take long to figure out that for extended relief which allowed me to live a normal life I had to strictly adhere to my Doctors orders.  It did take a while to garner the full benefits from the extended-release pills ,however, it has been worth it.  The tolerance level is hard to deal with but with exercise and careful diet I feel in control and much more active.”2009For Pain:		“I have nothing bad to say about this medication. It really worked for my pain. I have lots of culprits causing me excruciating pain to the point where it hurt to move, talk, or cry. I am in constant pain all day and night. At first the 5mgs every 8 hours worked, but as time went on the pain would come back sooner than the 8 hour time limit. Tried to tell my doctor but she always preached how she knew that I was hurting that bad. She kept telling me (she never looked or listened to me) how she couldn't justify going up on my medication. This drug really helps.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I currently take 80mg OxyContin four times a day, although I sometimes try and see if I can manage on 2-3/day. I am 45 and will undergo hip replacement at end of April. OxyContin allows me to feel normal and most activities I used to do are doable. The best part is the absence of drowsiness and "euphoria" I always associate with opiates, so it doesn't get me all loopy.”2009Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have chronic pain and have tried everything and this works best. Roxicodone is a great "break through" medicine. I take 8, 30mg pills a day as needed.  I also take 3 80mg pills of Oxycontin 3x a day for constant pain control.  This is a very large amount but after years it is needed. ”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This is a wonderful drug. Blue Cross will cover other pain drugs but this is the only one that works for me, and I have tried them all.  I take x3 80mg pills 3 times a day, with up to 8, 30mg Morphine IR, and 8 Norco 10/325.  Yes this is a lot of medication but it works. My doctor knows that I, a 26 year old male, 230 lbs. needs this amount, I have no side effects other than having a hard time sleeping. MS Contin is good too, but Oxycontin is what works best for me.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very good (one of the best in my experience) pain drug but beware. It is VERY addicting with horrible withdrawal symptoms if you don't have help to get off of it.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have just been put on 40mg oxycontin and 5/325 percocet and I am so happy to have my life back. My sons are 9 and 11 and now I can play football and "GET TACKLED " as well as playing baseball. I have had 7 knee surgeries, a shoulder rebuild, severe arthritic back and hips to top it off. There are days when I feel like I could strap it up and dance for 60 minutes like I did in college. Thank God for a Doctor who would write these scripts. There are many that will not for legal reason.”2009“I'd like to say I finally found a medicine that works and now I can't find anybody that carries it. I've been using it for about 8 months. ”2009For Pain:		“I recently broke my neck and am wearing a halo. Oxycodone is the only thing that seems to help, I'm only 20 years old and want to be active and this drug helps me to be somewhat active. It is wonderful.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Sometimes gives me a headache and makes me nauseous.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Took this for intractable migraine headaches. It worked wonders. I was able to go out in the world, go to movies, go with friends, go to restuarants, etc, until the doctor pulled it and started me on continuous toradol, which never cut the pain.

This medication was a wonder drug.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I had Breast Cancer in July 07.  Double Mastectomy. Chemo/Radiation.  Starting taking oxycontin 20mg x 2 per day for pain from surgery.  In October 08, found the cancer was back on my spine.  My oncologist continues to increase my oxycontin. So now, for the past 4 days, I'm up to 100 mgs x 3 per day.  I must say - I think we've got the dosage right this time.  If you need the drug, take it.  That's the way I look at it.  I've had pain in my life, but nothing like this cancer pain.  Thank God for Oxycontin.”2009“I have taken this medication for severe pain associated with knee replacement surgery and tolerance build up toward other pain medicine prior to this surgery.  I have severe osteoarthritis in both knees and was taken off my regular arthritis medicines prior to this.  The result was severe pain prior to surgery that was almost untolerable. I didn't realize how much it was actually helping until I stopped taking it for 3 days. It helps me rest and hopefully that will help me heal as well.”2009For Pain:		“Keeps the pain away.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Personally, oxycontin takes care of the pain better than any other medicine and instead of the drowienes feeling, it gives me the energy to exercise and fit in with a healthy lifestyle. No breakthrough pain medicines needed at 80mg twice a day.”2009For Pain:		“My husband has been taking oxycontin for 5 years now. He has a back problem and it helps him go to work and move around. ”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am 45 years old. I was in a car train accident in 1987, ejected from a truck in 1998, ruptured two disc in 2006 and in a head on collision in 2008. I wish I could tell everyone doctors, law enforcement and everyone who suffers from pain how life saving Oxycontin is.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My husband has been prescribed some kind of pain killer since the age of 11 due to football injuries as well as several auto accidents. Seventy-two broken bones throughout his life. About 9 years ago a pain management doctor prescribed him Oxycontin, and it has changed his life for the good as well as creating some unfortunate disadvantages. The withdrawl is horrible for him, but after a bilateral knee replacement, it definitely improved the quality of both of our lives. He is much more active than before, and can do so many things that I had to do for him in the past. So with proper management by doctors it has definitely proved to be a God-send.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm now 35 years old and I have been on Oxycontin 80mg 3 per day for about 10 years now, plus breakthrough pain medication.  I found it very helpful until my body gradually developed tolerance to the medicine.  I inquired about going to our local methadone clinic.  I took a chance and tried methadone instead.  Methadone took away all the pain that the oxycodone did but there wasn't any euphoric feeling. That is what caused problems with my family and the law. Well now I function and I have pain relief, and everyone is happy.  ”2009For Pain:		“I have a lot of metal in my spine and this helps a lot without making me drowsy or "stoned". I can function almost normally on this medication, with the only things holding me back from normal function being the actual metal screws and the associated pains in the torn muscles and sciatic nerve. The pains are still there, but definitely a lot more manageable with the oxycodone. After a brief "breaking in" period my thinking processes returned to normal, with little to no losing track of thoughts or other side effects you might expect with a narcotic like this.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on oxycontin for 6 years now.  I take 20mg 2 x a day along with a couple of other medicines. Before oxycontin, I was on 14 or more prescriptions that didn't work. I was ready to give up.  Now, my pain from Fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue along with several surgeries is tolerable. Every now and then I forget to take my oxycontin in the morning and my body reminds me what life would be like without it.  I don't know what I would do if it was ever pulled from the market.”2009“I have degenerative disc disease, herniated discs, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, and numerous other pain causing conditions. I have lived with pain for many years. I tried to put off taking pain medicines for many years until I could not take it any more. I realized I could not work if I did not do something soon. I finally went to the best pain management doctor I have ever met. He is a God send. I was in tears because I was afraid of being a drug addict. He assured me I was not a drug addict, he said I was drug dependent and would be most likely for the rest of my life but it was necessary if I wanted to have a life at all. When I started on the Oxycontin ER it was the best thing I ever had. I can now function. Thank God for Oxycontin.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“The extended release oxycontin lasts longer and relieves the pain very well without having to take pain medication all day long. I have found it very effective with very little side effects.”2009“For the last 7 years I have burning mouth syndrome (BMS,) which gives me 24 hours a day severe pain (rate that starts in the morning on a scale of 3 and ends at night on a 6). I went to many doctors and tried about every painkiller. I changed my doctor and he prescribed oxycontin. A month later my pain went down to 2 all day long. I am thankful that I have my life back after all that pain.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been on Oxycontin for almost 4 years with a dosage of 40mg twice daily supplemented by hydrocodone 10/500 three times a day. My diagnosis is severe skelelatal trauma from a motorcycle accident and other car accidents. The oxycontin provides me with almost complete relief on a good day and makes my pain bearable on a bad day. The negative is the brutal withdrawl. I travel extensively for my job and take with me only what I need in a separate pill box. I carry a copy of the presecriptions with me. I had 22 oxycontins and 30+ hydrocodones stolen out of my luggage. I didn't want to ask for a refill early because I couldn't get either the airline or TSA to acknowledge the theft and did not want to be labeled a drug seeker.”2009OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Like most others who use this medication, I find it very effective for pain relief. At over 500 lbs and with R/A, degenerative disc disease, blown out knees, ankles, back and severe shoulder and neck pain, etc. It is truly a God send. My pain level runs a solid 9 without my three 80 mg oxycontins, and eight Norco (when required) tablets, per day. With these the interpreted pain level drops way down to a three or four and I am actually able to experience a pleasant and rewarding life. My advise at 52 years old and after taking LOTS of pain medication over the years is to:  Always take exactly as prescribed. Never crush or chew medication and really try to take the minimum amount that works for you. Best wishes.”2009