Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After an injury with a chainsaw. I was put on morphine. It made me feel "thick" & groggy. It also didn't cut the pain. I asked my Dr. To put me on oxycodone & Oxycontin. I found this to be better at reducing pain without the brain fog.”2014For Pain:		“I have been on pain meds for a very long time. (13 years) from an injury at work.  I used to take (after years) 5 Oxycontin 8 mg tablets per day which was fine until they changed the formula.  They don't really help any longer.  I have 4 herniated discs in neck and after 3 surgeries it still is not healed or healed correctly.  My neck injury causes me severe headaches as well.  I am now on 30 mg Roxicodone which is wonderful for all my pain ailments however it has to be a certain brand.  If I don't have the correct brand I will get physically nauseous.  I must be allergic to something the manufacturer puts in it.  The ones that do work for me have saved my life.  I am able to function with pain relief.  My opinion they work the best.”2014For Pain:		“I took my first one tonight, only 10 mg but it has been good on my severe lower back pain. I was on Transtec 50.5 mg patch. But these were not working in the right way or long enough. I hope this new medicine helps.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“It's helpful when I need a boost in getting work done. When my pain is so unbearable, most times the medicine does not work.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I am prescribed Oxycontin 30mg (oxycodone timed release) 3 times a day and oxycodone IR 5mg 3-4 times a day for breakthrough pain. I suffer from severe trigeminal neuralgia which is horrible pain in the face. They do work really well for pain control. The only issue sometimes is getting my pharmacy to fill them. Some pharmacists look at you like a junkie because you are on pain meds and its annoying. I hate that nonsense! The OxyContin 30mg are soo hard to fill because they are rare and my pharmacy always has to order them which is fine with me. But they do work great for pain. The only bad part is how your body becomes physically dependant on them and you get sick if you dont have them. Its not an addiction but a dependence.Big difference!”2014For Pain:		“I have rheumatoid arthritis and it causes me a lot of fatigue and pain, but thanks to oxycodone, it helps me to keep going. I have been taking it for about seven years but, only regularly since having rheumatoid. I take 15MG about every four hours. I also inject methotrexate and Enbrel once a week.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Works well for pain”2014For Pain:		“Intense chronic back pain! Only relief I can find is from this medication.”2014For Pain:		“Still have a lot of pain”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have severe pain due to arthritis and nerve damage. I had broken my heel on my foot. It didn't grow back right. I have had pain ranging from 5 to 8 for 3 years. I was taking tons of Norco for the pain with no relief. Dr switched me to 10mg every 4 hours now I can actually get around. They work great.”2014Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Very effective. I have 3 bulging discs in my neck, 2 herniated discs in my lower back, and torn ligaments in both knees, had surgery on right, the left is next but still very painful, from a major car accident, left me disabled. I take 60mgs Oxycontin 2xdaily and 30mgs oxycodone 4xdaily. And it has been a life saver, thanks to my compassionate Dr. Who understands my chronic pain, I can actually live my life. And take care all my adopted animals that need me.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Very very effective. I take 2 10mg tabs a day with tramadol. I don't know how it would work without the tramadol but I would say pretty good. The only downside is the constipation that comes with most narcotics but it's a small price to pay for a pain free life.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I use 30 mg oxycodone three times a day.  It helps with pain and keep me motivated to keep working.  I have arthritis and Crohn's disease.  The pills keep my pain in control and interesting the side effect is constipation and it helps control my frequent bowel movement.   This medication is knocking two issues with one stone.   Only bad thing is withdrawal if you run out and didn't get the refill in time.  It's not as easy as other meds that has auto refill, always have to get a paper prescription for each refill.  But the medicine really helped me for years.”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Use for Chronic pain. This is 4 Spinal Surgeries History. Have: Spinal Stenosis, DDD, Bone Chips & lots of Scar tissue.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed Oxycodone 8 months ago due chronic pain from Lumbar Stenosis and, also, OsteoArthritis of the knees.  My prescription is for  5 to 10 mg as needed every 12 hrs for severe pain.  So far, this is the only medication that has made a difference.  It has made it less painful to walk and move around.   I take a teaspoon of MetaMucil or ground Psyllium powder every other day or so to keep my stool soft and regular.  My doctor now suggests switching to the extended release version, Oxycontin, but I am hesitant to do so until I do more reading of the experiences of others.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“This rating is for the oxycodone medication (30mgs) I have been receiving since Jan 2014. Prior to that, the rating would of at least been an 8! I've tried 3 different manufactures since Jan. without any good or decent results! One was Not only un-effective but also made me itch like crazy! What has happened to the formula? Will it ever be back to the way its been for the last 6  years? This medication made a huge difference in my quality of life! Diagnosed with a spinal cord disease (TM) in Dec of 2000 I experience severe & chronic back pain and after a few years of trying different medications we (Dr & I) found oxycodone 30mgs and during the past 6yrs I take that 4-5x a day if needed and break one in half for the breakthrough.”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“It is a real shame that the oxycontin ER has been reformulated. I started taking 40 mg 3 times a day 5 years ago after having to quit my job after 45 years of service and going on disability. It gave me so much relief that I was able to do things I was unable to do for a very long time. After the reformulation I went through real bad withdrawals because the medication was no longer as effective as it had been. I finally got through that and now I am struggling with all of the problems I had before I started taking it. I'm still taking it but I am suffering with severe fatigue and can barely get out of the bed in the morning and have very little energy. I can no longer work in my garden or walk my dogs & have to learn to live this way again!”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“OxyContin  seems to work really well for pain. But there is that is a  few cons about this medicine for me is that my body would get used to to it and I would need to up the dose. I went from 10mg (2x a day) all the way up to 30  mg (2x a day) It has always only lasted tops 7 hours instead of the advertised 12. It without question has never lasted 12 hours. When I started taking this medicine by the 7 hour my legs would really be on fire again like clock work. So 2 pills would last 14 hours instead of 24 like the manufacturer says. So if you take this medicine make sure you get some breakthrough medicine. Make sure you take Exlax with this medicine. You will be constipated.”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pancreatitis-cause unknown (I do not drink alcohol). The pain from this disease is constant and severe. I take Oxycontin 30 mg twice daily and it is very effective in controlling the pain and keeping it, for the most part, at a tolerable level (about 4-5 on the 1-10 pain scale). For occasional episodes of breakthrough pain, which can be very bad, I have oral Dilaudid 2 mg. I do not take this often, only when needed. It helps me avoid trips to the ER for pain control. Dilaudid is not often prescribed for home use. I'm under the care of a pain specialist. Neither my GI nor endocrinologist can prescribe schedule II narcotics. Chronic pancreatitis is one of the most painful diseases a person can have.”2014Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have degenerated discs and my knees are degenerating. This med allowed me to work and have a normal life”2014Oxyfast (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Great for fibromyalgia”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Best medication for chronic pain. 5 bad lower discs, 1 mid back, 1 removed C6-C7 neck, pinched nerves, sciatica and rheumatoid arthritis. After about a year of therapy and different meds we got to Percocet 10/325 and although not 100% pain free it allowed me to get my life back. Problem I have now is since I've changed jobs and have insurance with Kaiser. Getting a Doctor to put me back on them is almost impossible even with my previous medical records. ”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone (30 mg) for almost 2 years along with Vicodin 10/325. I take the Vicodin everyday and take the oxycodone as needed (usually 4 pills a day) it's great. It gives me the power to work and get stuff done. Without this I would be in bed in too much pain to do anything, therefore not able to work and support myself. I strongly recommend this to anyone in pain. It has been the only reason I have been able to carry on in my life.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I take oxycodone as a replacement for OxyContin which is no longer covered by my insurance. It is as effective, but I have to take it 4 or 5 times a day instead of 2 and have to always carry some with me. I can only tolerate it from one manufacturer. If I receive a different "brand", the adverse effects are immediate. Dizziness, drowsiness and nausea. I Don't know why this is, and am trying to find out. The problem is that the pharmacy cannot always get the brand I need and I don't know why.  The other problem is the pharmacy is only allotted a certain quantity and will run out. I have reduced to total mg I take per day since taking the oxycodone vs. the OxyContin. I just wish I could be assured of receiving the same brand each time.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“While I was on Oxycodone I had wonderful success bringing my 10 pain level down to a tolerable level around 6-7. The only "Problem" I had with it was I had trouble with my bowel movements, I had constant constipation. This was easily treated with a daily stool softener. 

After a year we always change up my pain management medications so as not to have to increase dosage with a different Class II medicine. We did this annually and I have been disabled for nearly 23yrs, with very serious illnesses. 
I would recommend this to anyone who has Progressive Relapsing Multiple Sclerosis/Fibromyalgia/Avascular Necrosis as well as about 15 other diseases.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have Osteo and Rheumatoid Arthritis and have tried all anti-inflammatorys with no success. I am on opioids for pain management and find it is enough to allow me to get my jobs done but does not completely remove the pain.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on pain medicines for almost 13 yrs. I'm turning 30 in July. I started low at 5mg Percocet then 10mg, and then they threw in 20mg of OxyContin on top of my 10mg Percocet. Nothing worked well not even the Oxycontin. I'm now on 30mg Oxycodone and I do love it, yet it doesn't take away pain, just gets my mind of it and gives me so much energy and motivation. That's a odd side effect for Depression. I'm looking for a medicine that is stronger for when I have the serious break through pains. Never want to lose the oxycodone 30.”2014For Pain:		“I am 35 and sadly due to genetics and 18 months of radiation therapy in 2005 - 2007 my bones began to deteriorate 3 years ago in my hips and vertebrae. I recently found out due to my disc's degenerating and severely dehydrated my L4 has begun to shift forward. The shifting has begun to compromise my spinal cord and slowly paralyze me from waist downward. By far neurotic pains at beginning stages of paralysis are the most excruciating pains I have ever experienced. I have been prescribed Oxycodone and it has given me a life back. To stand and walk as much as I comfortably can means everything to me. ”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Seems to help pain due to prostate cancer fairly well. As long as it's taken every 4-6 hours as directed. If a dose is taken too late, break through pain seems to occur at end of hour 3. Do not double a dose unless directed by your doctor. Only some mild constipation to report. Daily activities seem to have improved since taking this medication.
Can get out and walk with "less" pain. Also, do not feel like I'm "medicated" or "under the influence" in any way like with many other medications. Although as a precaution, I would not operate a vehicle for liability purposes, unless absolutely necessary.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Great pill, works good for pain, don't run out because the withdrawal after 2 weeks of use or longer is bad. ”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I use oxycodone for severe pain relief. I am on my fourth knee replacement, same knee ( which is failing again). The medication works and keeps the pain down to a dull roar. I also take regular oxycodone for breakthrough pain relief. Having used morphine sulfate and Dilaudid in the past I find this medication works well. For how long? Only time will tell.”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Only medicine that works properly.”2014OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have Rheumatoid and Osteoarthritis that affects everything in my body (organs and joints) but mainly my lower back. Spinal stenosis, bulging and degenerative discs, severe nerve damage from carpal tunnel in both hands, plus both hips and knees need surgery in the near future also. I take 80mg OxyContin 3 times daily plus Percocet 10mg 3 times daily for breakthrough pain. I have to take my pain medication first thing in the morning before I can take on my day. Have tried MS Contin and it worked fine, just did not last the 12 hours that they say it was suppose to it was more like 6 and Lortabs was like taking a placebo.”2014Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“It works overall very good for me”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have a degenerative condition resulting in all the cartilage in my joints and spine deteriorating. I now have 6 completely collapsed vertebrae with severe spinal stenosis.  I have had one hip replacement and am trying to hold off as long as possible for other hip, both knees, and shoulder although stem cell therapy has held some promise. I went for 10 years to physical therapy, water treatment, injections into my spine, as well as alternative treatments if acupuncture, chiropractic etc.. with only limited effect. I missed out on activities with my child, lost my job due, and generally was in a constant 8/10 pain daily. After agreeing to pain medication I was able to return to work and have lead a productive life.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“100% effective.”2014