For Pain:		“This drug is a God-send for chronic pain. I couldn't move before and my life was miserable. But now I feel like a normal person and I can take care of myself again.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This is a miracle drug for me. I raced motocross my entire life and broke many bones. Just twisted and banged my body 4 years. I'm only twenty eight and some mornings I feel 85 and can barely move. Oxycontin makes it all go away. It can help with little to no side effects. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I completely blew out L5 and crushed some nerves while I was active and after going to my PCM (primary care manager) for almost a year and only recieving lortab 10/500 the whole time, I was finally refered to a pain management specialist. He put me on Oxycontin 20mg ER and Fentora 200mcg for breakthrough pain. Although the oxycontin was the least potent medication I was on, it seemed to work much better than the rest. Now I've since been discharged and have a new doctor, who is now giving me 40mg Oxycontin and Percocet 10/325 for breakthrough pain. The 40mgs are working much better and I don't have to deal with the addictive fentanyl. OxyContin has given me a quality of life that I had almost forgotten about.”2008For Pain:		“This drug does take away pain, but needs to be used ONLY AS DIRECTED. ”2008Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medicine has allowed me to function as a 'normal' productive person. With the proper use of this medicine others have no idea that I live with severe chronic, intractable facial pain. As with any medicine, I can't give it a 10 because I wish I didn't have to take it. There is always the hope for a cure.”2008For Pain:		“Very good”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“These pills are amazing. Nothing has ever worked the way they do on my back. I have had 3 surgeries and I will always be in pain but with these I can at least function and thats all I can ask for.”2008For Pain:		“I have had a disc L5 slippage and have been in pain for about 3 years. I recently had the fusion of the L5 and S1 and have been on oxycodone 30 mg (2 every 4 hours) and oxycontin 20mg every 12 hours and I have to say it has been a lifesaver both at work and personally. I am actually able to function and live my life again.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin is by far the best pain reliever that I have ever used without making me drowsy. It is most effective if prescribed at the proper strength for your condition. Take only as prescribed.”2008“This works great after thoracic surgery.”2008For Pain:		“I have bad back pain and this really works.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Oxycontin for about eight years now, and I rate it as lifesaving. I can assure you that with four spinal surgeries and a failed hip replacement, no other drug including morphine has given me back the quality of life that Oxycontin has.”2008Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been on Roxicodone for about two years now and this is the ONLY short acting medication that has worked.  I have been through all the short acting or break through medicines and Roxicodone is by far the greatest.  I am on high doses due to having gastric bypass and not absorbing as a 'normal' person would.  I need to have my tailbone removed as it's broken and swinging around back there.  Not to mention it's broken at a 90 degree angle or angulated.  INSANE pain. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've have been in severe pain for 25 years. I've been on just about everything for a back injury and my doctor finally put me on 20mg oxycontin twice a day and hydrocodone 10/650 for break through pain, every 8 hours. I've finally got my life back and my family. God bless the makers of oxycontin.”2008For Pain:		“It is a good pain killer”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My Primary Care Physician put me on Oxycontin for about a year and a half prior to having shoulder surgery. I had recently started a new job and did not have enough leave time to have the surgery. The only reason I survived and was able to work and have a half way normal life with less pain was through the use of Oxycontin. When I was finally able to have the Rotator Cuff surgery, my Surgeon said I would have to be off of Oxycontin for at least a month prior to the surgery because he could not give me anything stronger for pain after surgery and feared I would have a tolerance and that Oxy that would lessen the effect. No problem, I just stopped taking it. That was when the honeymoon was over.”2008For Pain:		“I have been ill for 40 of my 52 years with my rare condition called Autonomic Nerve Dysfunction(POTS).
The pain I suffer from this condition is so bad I roll around the bed in pain , cannot walk and am bedridden at times and am unable to think straight.
I started Oxycodone 3 years ago because my pain level reached 10 at times. 
I take 40mg of slow release every 24 hours (plus other drugs) since another tumor was found. I've added 20mg at night because I cannot lay on my arm until sorted.
I DO NOT drive with this in my system, but other than this I've had no side effects. This drug gave me back my life and I can actually smile again.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“In 2000 I had 4 surgeries to repair an anal fistula.  The surgeries were successful in that they did repair the fistula but they also left me in severe chronic pain.  Pain in the rectum area is very difficult to treat.  I've been to numerous doctors in Columbus, where I live and only 2 were willing to prescribe Oxycontin.  When I was taking the Oxycontin the pain was much better and I could actually sit down at a desk and do a job.  Then the last doctor took me off because I'd been taking them for so long and now I can't find a doctor to prescribe them again.  Consequently I'm back to suffering with terrible pain because doctors are afraid to prescribe Oxcontin in Ohio unless the patient has cancer, which I don't.”2008For Pain:		“Takes the pain right away.”2008“I have been diagnosed with reactive arthritis, an autoimmune disease initiated by an infection long past cured but my body has decided to confuse it with my joints and connective tissue. The swelling of my hands, knees, shoulders, feet, etc has been relieved to some degree by prednisone, methotrexate, and NSAIDs but the NSAIDS ate away at my stomach and scared me to death with their side effects. Oxycodone, in its extended release form, has made it possible to do some of the things that I used to do (like type this) but I keep having "dosage creep" and I'm up to 80 mg twice daily after 2 years. It has been a blessing with a price but given the choice of severe pain vs a pill, I'll take the pill.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This works great.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I fractured my L1 in 2/08 and have had chronic back pain since, in addition I have had 7 knee surgeries. My doctor is recommending knee replacements, but I'm only 36 and in no hurry to have it done. I've tried every kind of pain medicine there is. I found that Norco 10mg worked well but only lasted 3 hours or so and I was developing a tolerance to it. My family doctor finally referred me to a pain management doctor and he suggested oxycontin. I was hesitant at first becuase of the stigma associated with it but decided to give it a try. What a differance it's made in my quality of life. I take 1 x 20mg tablet in the morning and 1 in the evening and live pain free. I still take the Norco for break through pain, but don't need it often.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on this medication for about 3 years. I had to go off of due to being pregnant and breastfeding. This medicine has worked wonders. I have tried so many different things and this is the only one that has made it so I can go out side and play with my kids instead of saying not now mommys back really hurts. It was to the point where it was getting hard to get out of bed. So thank you for making it possible for me to function again, and feel normal.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone):		“Best pain medication that I know of. ”2008“This medicine works well for pain. Not only does it work well you don't constantly have to keep taking pills every four hours to control the pain. ”2008Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have taken this medication for severe sciatica nerve pain and neuropathy and over all it has been the best pain reliever I've ever taken. Far better than lortab that really does nothing for this type of pain. I also have degenerative disc disease and it helps with this also.”2008For Pain:		“I have been on several variations of opiate medications since the age of 17, when it was discovered that I had herniated two discs badly in my lower back while training for the military. I am currently 22 and have gone through pretty much every med on the scale ( vicodin, morphine, oxycotin, oxycodone/roxicodone/percocet, hydromorphone, etc.) and I have found oxycodone has worked the best for short to mid term relief. Be very careful with these opiate medications to aviod addiction. Also watch out for the tylenol content, as it can damage your liver long term. Currently taking 30 mg roxicodone 3-4 times a day for 4 damaged lubmar discs and its a great help in getting me through my day closer to normal than it otherwise would be.”2008Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have degenerative disc disease and I'm in constant pain. My doctor gave me this medicine and it works very well. I can do now what I could not do before. I would recommend this medicine to anyone in severe pain.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Best pain relief.”2008“I have a bad back and find that this medication is very helpful when it comes to pain.  Oxycodone is the only one that works for the pain. It can cause itching but the painfree part makes it worth it.”2008For Pain:		“I have had severe pain for the last 5 years and only in the last 2 years have found out what I have, severe osteoarthritis and sublexating patella. I have been on several pain medications and found that at the moment the best combination is 100mg Tramadol and 10-15 mg Oxycodone and a muscle relaxer every 6 hours. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been taking this drug for two years now. I take a 20mg pill twice a day. I also have 8 norcos a day if needed for breakthrough pain. I have severe Crohns Disease and these medicines have been the best thing that has happened to me. My frequent bathroom trips are now maybe only twice a day. They also help me have an appetite. My major pain results from irreversable AVN of my elbows and knees. Before this medication I could not get out of bed due to the severe pain.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very good medicine for chronic pain conditions. It can be habit forming and addictive but the pain relief is worth it.”2008For Pain:		“I've had moderate to severe joint pain for 6 years, now.  I was given Propoxy for my back pain, but it didn't take away the joint pain. I was given oxycodone to try, and no more joint pain. I can't take propoxy and oxycodone at the same time, which would make me completely pain free! I have degenerative joint and disk disease, osteoporosis in left hip due to SI joint arthritis, sciatica and depression.  I take only a half of Oxycodone.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“After trying all kinds of pain medicines, I was about ready to give up.  I was having issues at work, couldn't take care of my kids let alone myself because of the severity of the pain.  My doctor decided to try me on Oxycontin and it has been a miracle.  I can play with my kids again.  My productivity at work has increased three-fold.  I am not calling in sick all the time and I am enjoying life.  I start clinicals in the fall.  Miracle.”2008For Pain:		“I have degenerative disc disease and arthritis - dads got RA, I probably do to. It is very effective against chronic pain. I can play with my kids and surf. There is no reason to treat this very effective medicine as an outcast. Sure, it can be misused, but for real chronic pain sufferers like myself, its nothing short of a God send. Take as little as you can and still maintain effectiveness.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have suffered from rheumatoid arthritis for 30 years. I have been through all the NSAID drugs, Celebrex , etc, Methotrexate injections, gold shots, Aspirin in mega doses. I finally found a Doctor who understood. He prescribed oxycontin 40mg 3 times a day for my pain. I still have pain, but it is liveable. I am on disability, and am also able to hold a part-time job. I don't struggle to do simple things like take a shower or do the dishes. This medicine has changed my life.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone):		“Best drug ever.”2008For Pain:		“I am a nurse. I was severly injured in a car crash in 1989. For years I suffered with the pain. Tried Physical Therapy, epidural injections, the works. Have had two back surgeries and three leg surgeries (for reconstruction). In order to function I really needed something that worked. After all of these years, the physician finally put me on this medication three months ago. I am finally pain-free with NO side effects.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on oxycontin for about 8 years now and it decreases my chronic neuropathic pain dramatically. I have very few side effects and am glad it helps and makes me able to enjoy life more fully.”2008“I'm 28 and I've had polycystic ovarian syndrome (PCOS) since I was 12. I've had low back pain from PCOS and lordosis since ever, and no amount of exercise or physical therapy or other non-drug tactics and drug therapies have ever worked for me. Generic oxycodone was actually given to me after several wisdom tooth extractions, and it was the only thing to completely kill all the pain in my back and anywhere else. All it takes for me is a 10mg and 1000mg of acetaminophen.”2008“The best in every way.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been taking Oxycotin now for about two years. I've been through just about everything else you can think of due to the 5 ruptured discs I have. Pain blocker, nerve deadening, etc and even physical therapy but I've haven't found anything as useful as Oxycotin. It's been relatively side effect free for me and I can function pretty well day to day because of it.”2008For Pain:		“I've had 3 aortic aneurysms. The last operation also involved a patch placed over a surgical hernia caused from removal of the two lower ribs on my left side.  I've been using oxycodone for the past 4 years and aside from insomnia when I take it in the evenings, I am very pleased with the way it controls my pain.  I take it only when I am in pain and limit the dosage to 10 - 20 mgs. (10 mgs per dose, occasionally twice a day).  With this usage, I haven't had dependency or addiction.”2008Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have severe osteoarthritis and advanced joint degenerative disease. I have been on many different kinds of medicines in the past including Methadone and I think the Roxicodone 30mg. is by far the best. This medicine you can actually function on and be totally out of pain!”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm a chronic back pain sufferer who's endured extensize physical therapy, endless pain medicines, muscle relaxers, antiepileptic/antispasmodics, etc., before reluctantly undergoing surgery - Anterior lumbar fusion with posterior stabilization. Unfortunately surgery failed to relieve the pain. OxyContin's been a life-saver for me (80 mg 2/daily   Percocet 10/325 for breakthrough pain)- Nothing short of miraculous in it's ability to allow me to perform daily tasks I was unable to perform previously.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I had major ankle surgery and was prescribed oxycodone. Loved it. It took away the pain with minimal side effects. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I played football in college and took a severe hit in the back. I now have 4 bulging discs, and 2 deteriorating discs in my spine. The doctors gave me Oxycontin right away knowing the pain I was in. That was 4 years ago and today I take (2)80mg, (1)40mg, and (8)Percocets 10/325's daily. Last summer I was able to run a 5K race. Oxycontin has given me back what was stolen from me in college. I am 90% pain free, and have no regrets about being on this drug. I can't recall ever having any side effects.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin controls the pain I have from various disorders. I still have pain (I'm on 80 mg twice a day), but it's so much less and I can do so much more. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I lived in torture for years after back and neck surgery failed. Like a fool I refused to take narcotic medicine until I started studying their intrinsic effects on people. For the past 4 yrs I've been taking Oxycontin, now 320 mgs/day, and I can only thank God for these little green miracles. I've never felt "high" on them. I take them to function, PERIOD.
”2008For Pain:		“My doctor had to cut into my jawbones to extract my wisdom teeth that hadn't come in yet to ease the pain in my mouth. He put me on the oxycodone 10/650mg. They work wonders. While I was taking them I didn't even care if my mouth hurt. Then I got real bad migraines and the doctor thought they was caused by the pain pills. He switched me to something else and now I am still in pain. All in all I say oxycodone was excellent.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have scoliosis that causes sereve pain, my spine is S shaped. its a pretty severe curve. Anyway been to a number of doctors, finally got a PM doc that prescibed a number of pain meds that did not work, I almost gave up until he prescribed oxycontin. What a relief, now we have to adjust the dosage a bit but finally got it perfect, I take 4 40mg pills a day and been on that same dose for about a year and it is still working great, I am not building a tolerance to it at all.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been using oxycontin for approximately for 5 years, without any major dramas. Some minor constipation in the beginning but sorted that out fairly quickly. ”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Pain went away within 5 minutes. You become veryyyyyy relaxed and want to sleep. That could be the mono and surgery talkin to. Mild halucinations when you close your eyes and VERY VIVID dreams.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“The best in every way.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“For years I suffered from severe back pain and despite medical records from specialists I was treated like a street level drug abuser by at least 20 different doctors. I was past the end of my rope. Two years ago I found a doctor who had compassion and put me on Oxycontin and now I actually have a very productive life!”2008For Pain:		“I broke my nose pretty badly and hurt the entire right side of my face falling down a flight of stairs.  After a few days of just ibuprofen I gave in and took oxycodone.   Now that this helps me with the pain I have finally been able to sleep.”2008For Pain:		“After seven surgeries I finally found a medicine that works along with my other medications and rehab.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Ahhhh, the dreaded drug...no matter what you call it, by whatever media-scare tactic out there, what isn't trumpeted are the success stories....why is that?  Does something have to be "Negative" to garner press?  And if so, why is that?

My story:  Two brain surgeries.  Manmouth amounts of pain.  I tried everything -- nothing lasted like this drug.  It has allowed me to go back to work, to live my life, to be a father to my children.  Screw the strange looks @the pharmacy...I'm alive!”2008For Pain:		“I've had two rotator cuff surgerys and elbow surgery. I've tried different pain medicines. Oxcodone(roxicet) has been a blessing in pain relief. I am still active in sports and weightlifting at 50 this medicine makes life alot more bearable.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was on Oxycodone 5/325 for about two years and my Doctor switched me to 3 20 MG OC's a day.  i have been taking them for about 6 months now and I feel like a new person.  i have Chronoc Nerological lower back pain.  This drug has changed my life.  i am able to roll around the floor with my kids again and do many things I could not do in the past.  Great drug, but very addicting.  If you take this med, take it exactlt as the Doctor advises.  best pain Med out there.  I have been through them al”2008For Pain:		“I've been using the immediate release form of Oxycodone for many years frequently in combination with codeine for chronic back pain.  For me the combination is more effective than either alone.  I try to take the minimum dose necessary to control my pain, which for me is about 5 to 10 mg Oxy plus 60 mg codeine 3 or 4 times a day, depending on my level of physical activity.   As mentioned by others, tolerance and dependence or addiction (btw, not the same thing) are the main problems.”2008For Pain:		“Quick-acting relief from all sorts of pain, esp. after hip replacement and (more recent) double hernia surgery. Only complaint is that it interferes with normal bowel function, requiring occasional stool softener and cathartic.”2008“Best pain killer ever!!! I tried so many meds and nothing takes the pain away better than this medication, however, when I don't have any more, I go through such hard time because of the Withdrawn symptoms, they are not easy.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“oxycontin gave me back some quality of life by alleviating my arthritic pain, I have hearniated diskd in my neck and it releaves the headaches which are terribly painful”2008For Pain:		“This is serious stuff - Great for pain but I really wonder if it's worth it given that it is so addictive. When you begin to 'step down' you feel like you have the flu until you take your next 'fix'. A very slow withdrawal is mandatory. What a conundrum, great for pain but eventually you have to pay the piper.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“After shoulder surgery, I found it very useful, but would have headaches in the morning after.  I quit using after about 10 days.”2008For Pain:		“this medicine really has helped me out alot for my knees.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was recently prescribed this medication and it has worked wonders for my pain. The only drawback is that many pharmacy's in my area aren't carrying it because of its negative press, and I felt like I was being treated like I was a drug addict at each pharmacy I went too. Oh well.”2008For Pain:		“It helped with pain, because I didn't care if I still hurt.  It also interfered with my sleep if I took it before bedtime.  It made my mind race and I found it hard to sleep.  Weird dreams, too.  During the day it is fine, but not if you need to think clearly.  Take the pill and take the day off.”2008OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very helpfull, tired of all the neg. press”2008