For Pain:		“Excellent for relief of pain.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medicine was great. Like you all say I got my life back, but then I started to get to where I felt like I was 80 years old in the morning I had severe leg cramps causing me to walk like a 80 year old women would walk, and I am only 46. I had pain in my calves and in my heels, shoulder pain severe. I could not sit or stand for long periods of time. I kept telling myself that it not the Roxy I was on that was causing me so much pain because I like how it let me get my work done. But then when I started feeling the horrible pain in my calves that I could barely walk and made me very weak like I could not do my normal stuff, it put me into a depression because I felt like I was old before my time.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have taken oxycodone for 2 years now. I had back surgery to repair a vertebrae that had been destroyed by cancer. I was on morphine for a while, but my wife complained that I was loopy on it. The oxycodone has been much better in that regard as well as pain relief. I take 40mgs twice a day and am very happy with the results.”2011For Pain:		“Had disc replaced L5- S1 with laminectomy plus 2 rods and 4 screws inserted, pain was unbearable while taking Vicodin. Finally was prescribed 30mg oxycodone 3 times a day. I am doing things I haven't been able to do in years. Excellent when taken as prescribed.”2011For Pain:		“Great for breakthrough pain. ”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This is a good medication to take for pain, when you can acquire it. Right now it is rather difficult to get my prescriptions filled. ”2011For Pain:		“Is great for pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on this medicine for about 11 to 12 years and found it to be the most effective and most tolerable for me. I have had to have my dosage raised over the 12 year period and take  210 mg over a 24 hr period, which is quite high. I don't believe I will have it raised from this level though because eventually the higher dose won't work either so I have decided that I will just have to live with some degree of pain and limit what I'm able to do. I also feel it causes erectile dysfunction and have talked to many others who say the same thing. I believe it affects many more than the 1% they claim with erectile dysfunction. Probably closer to 98% in reality.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Roxicodone has improved the quality of my life exponentially. Like so many others on this site, chronic pain has been a debilitating nuisance for me, one that I initially dismissed as a sign of aging. As my doctor confirmed a sciatic nerve compression, I was given Roxicodone to manage my aches and pain. Immediately, I felt years younger -- no longer am I stuck avoiding everyday tasks, such as grocery shopping, for fear that the pain will ruin my day. 

This medication has also improved my performance at work and at school, as I am able to concentrate without random aches and pains distracting me. I feel more rested when I wake up in the morning. Yes, this is a "serious" drug, but taking it as prescribed will get your life back - seriously!”2011For Pain:		“This medicine is the only medicine that I find to help with the pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with Lumbar Spondylosis, Lumbar Canal Stenosis and Lumbar Radiculopathy. Oxycontin helps to keep my back pain down so I can walk. I had surgery on 11-15-2010 and they put two rods in my back but the pain is still there.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My husband has degenerative disc disease. He has had a two level spinal fusion on his L5 and S1 discs as well as two rods and six screws of hardware in his spine. He was only 27 years old when this injury happened. I totally feel for anyone who has to suffer from back pain. It changed his life forever. Normal activities that people take for granted everyday were almost impossible for him to do. He's been through numerous doctors and has tried every pain medication out there. He now takes 30mg roxicodone 6 times a day. It has totally been a lifesaver for him and given him his quality of life back. He still has some pain and bad days but nothing like before. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Life is livable again. I have had no side effects. I stay very aware of the possibility for abuse so am very careful. I count my pills throughout the month and have to give a urine sample every couple months at the pain clinic. I have been on the same dose.. 60 mg every 12 hours for approx. 5 years. I cannot go back to life before I was placed on this medicine. There has been and always will be people who will abuse pain medicines and I can understand why doctors are so afraid to prescribe them but someone has to stand up and treat people like myself so we can get out of bed and face the day.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I thank God everyday for this medication. I have pain in both of my knees and my lower back and both feet has spurs. I am only 47 yrs old, without Oxycontin I would not have a good life. I thank the makers of the wonderful pill because I can enjoy my life without suffering with pain. ”2011For Pain:		“I wouldn't have a life without oxycodone and Oxycontin. I take 30mg oxycodone 4 to 5 times a day and 40mg Oxycontin 2 times a day. Without these I couldn't function. I have neuropathy, fibromyalgia and arthritis throughout my body. I as many others I read said, am so sick of being looked  at like I'm a junkie when I run a successful business I could never do without this medication. Take as prescribed and you are fine. I don't abuse it. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My doctor took me through a number of different medicines prior to starting Oxycontin. I have found that I sleep and eat better on Oxycontin. More importantly I function better on Oxycontin, including being able to care for myself. Since I began taking it my insurance tried to force me to the "generic" Oxycodone ER. Oxycodone made me physically ill whenever it released, it's continued use would have made me totally reliant on outside help as I live alone with closest family over 2,000 miles away. Since the Oxycodone affair we have tried other medicines and nothing works as well without the physical illness. I have ankylosing spondylitis and am looking at chronic pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication following a motor cycles accident (R.Leg broken 4 places/L.Wrist fractures both sides of joint/Broken Pelvis/Fractured Vertebrae). I currently take 70mg twice a day and it helped with the pain. At 80mg I found everything a bit distant. So I end up taking the 70mg twice a day and wow how it helps is great.  Whilst I am still in pain, I can function these day. I go to work full time (Computer operator). Good medication, well worth taking.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Oxycontin helped me through pain from a recent auto accident. ”2011For Pain:		“Due to the pain of chronic pancreatitis, I was nonfunctional. Have a meal, shower when necessary, seldom wear anything but night clothes, ONLY go out to the doctor and would avoid the grocery store if possible.  Now I clean my house, cook gourmet meals and would like to resume a small part of my former active lifestyle-maybe next summer fishing and camping.  Without this medicine I had lost my desire to live due to constant, unabating abdominal pain.  Now, I have a "what's next" attitude instead of "I'm hurting so badly I wish I were dead".  I can live with the stigma and I do get negative attitudes from concerned family, but they even see the good that has come from this medicine, and also see the massive improvement in my life.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Relieves chronic back pain faster and lasts longer than most other pain medications.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been on Oxycontin for 10 years. First for severe osteoarthritis. 5 years ago had failed bilateral knee replacements. In the future they are supposed to be recalling my knee replacements, but for now I can't live without my Oxycontin. I started out with 20 mg twice a day. Now I take 120mg 3 times a day and Percocet 10/650 for breakthrough pain 4 times a day. I can't walk without it.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Chronic Pancreatitis and Post-op pain management for Laparoscopic Pancreatic Gluconoma NE tumor Excision. With oxycodone 20mg/ 12 hours.

Take exactly as directed and it works great. Able to work and play. Very rarely need 5 mg Oxycodone immediate release.
Shame there is increasing stigma from abusers.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“By far the only things that's touched my back pain. Got 3 rods, 6 pins going from T10-T12. Been on literally every pain medicine except the pump.”2011For Pain:		“Like most of the comments I have read I take this medicine to function from having severe back pain from a epidural gone wrong I also get severe menstrual cramps that feel like contractions its like I am giving birth once a month I have four young children who need my constant attention and without this medicine I would not be able to do simple things. Other medicine would just make me feel funny and I would still be crying from how much pain I had, not to mention being irritated just because of pain I was always having. Now I take 80mg a day, sometimes less my pain would be so severe in the morning that I could not stand. Now I get up feeling pretty good and when I don't need it I don't take.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I been taking Oxycontin for over 10 years. Started at 10mg and slowly up to now 60mg. I have always been prescribed for 2xday. But being a former alcoholic, I only took one tablet per day and Vicodin 500mg for break through pain. It is the only way I would be able to have any type of quality of life. I suffer from Degenerative Disc disease, 3 Herniated discs, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis and now Sjogrens. I am 49 and disabled to work but I do not want to be disabled from life. My grandbabies need their grandma! You can abuse aspirin if you chose to but if you take the medicines correctly and do not abuse - it will give you some degree of life. Life is to be with quality and this medicine has helped me.”2011For Pain:		“It works the best for controlling my pain on a daily basis. I have two herniated disc pushing on my sciatic nerve.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been taking this medicine for over three years. Started off at 30mg three times a day and initially it worked great.  Now, a few years later I'm taking 60mg three times a day and it is only about 50% as effective.  I recently added 30mg of Cymbalta and within three days, I was feeling great!  Better than I had felt in years!  I even cleaned the grout in my bathroom!  Unfortunately, my insurance company won't pay for Cymbalta.  So now I'm trying everything else. Unfortunately, nothing has even come close to working.  Now I can't even kneel down to even look at the grout I vigorously scrubbed three weeks ago.  It was like having my life back and then having it yanked away from me again!”2011OxyIR (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Recently my doctor changed my breakthrough pain medication to Oxycodone 20mg from OxyContin 20mg. Immediately I noticed a huge difference, and for the first time in four years felt that my pain controlled. Now I'm taking OxyContin 80mg twice daily with Oxycodone 20mg every four hours prn.  Overall oxycodone provides the quickest and most effective pain control above all oral narcotics I've taken. However I do caution long-term users of increases in tolerance, monitoring if ever more medication is needed to achieve the same effect. I first noticed an increase in my tolerance two weeks of taking 4-6 tabs daily. I gradually increased my dose until I was needing double my starting dose. Within one month my tolerance increased by two-fold.”2011For Pain:		“I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis 3 yrs ago. I'm 49 and it has completely turned my life up side down. So much pain continuously and I am on Humira, methotrexate and Plaquenil. For pain I have had just about everything Norco, 100mg Fentynal patch and what has worked the best was Oxycontin. It has at least opened a window where I can function and actually spend time with my family. I'm currently taking 2 x 80mg but fixing to tell my doctor to double it up as he said we need to find where we need to be. Anyone suffering from this disease knows the great pain associated with it. God bless if you do and hope this helps.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“The best by far of pain medication I have taken.  I like that it lasts all day.  I take the 30mg for osteoarthritis pain and neck degenerative disk pain. It makes me able to live my life. The BEST!”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“When they changed the formulation it does not work as good, or as fast. It upsets my stomach and gives bad headaches. ”2011For Pain:		“Oxycodone is relatively effective at relieving moderate pain. It is somewhat fast acting so relief comes within a reasonable amount of time. 
Down side;  pain relief does not last very long and the side effects can be difficult to tolerate. The dizziness and nausea  associated with taking the medication actually last longer than the pain relief.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Best medicine I have used. I was told to take it every 4 hrs 15mg tab. It usually wears out after 3 hours though I need to talk to doctor about this. But other than that I like it with mild side effects. The worse being mood swings and at night hallucinations.”2011For Pain:		“The best I've been prescribed for pain so far.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very effective at managing my pain that stemmed from a spinal injury and subsequent spinal surgery.  It has been the only medicine that manages the pain after trying all the other non-narcotics as well as nerve pain medications.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have been on Roxicodone for almost three years due to my compression fractures and other chronic back pain. It worked very well in the first 6 months, but I then built a tolerance and cannot stay out of pain all day. Would recommend the extended release.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“It is a life saver for me.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medication is the only one out of so many that have been prescribed over all the years that I have suffered with my condition.  (Severe degenerative bone disease, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis, etc.) The negative effect I experience is constipation for which I use Benefiber.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very good medicine for pain and doesn't have Tylenol in it.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Without this medication I wouldn't still be doing my dream job of working with animals (a very tough job even for a healthy person). Before I was prescribed this I tried every single other medication there was without success!”2011For Pain:		“Because of stomach issues, I am unable to take NSAIDS.  However, I have severe osteoarthritis and some rheumatoid arthritis, with multiple joint replacements, not all of which have had a satisfactory outcome.  I am very judicious about using the oxycodone and check in regularly with my Doctor. It's been a God send.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My right hip and pelvis were both surgically modified when I was 5 years old. 30 years later here I was in so much pain I could no longer sleep and I was starting to have thoughts of hurting it worse just for that few seconds of relief immediately after. I went to the doctors and tried way many pain killers until he put me on Cymbalta 1 cap 1 a day and 60mg Oxycontin 3 times a day. This worked well other than the super low energy add some Dexedrine and I was good to go but now almost a year later it has stopped working. ”2011For Pain:		“LIKES:  It works on post surgical pain. While it makes me a bit tired I can still function and work. It does not make me nauseous.
DISLIKES:  It makes me so itchy I cannot function and need to take a 25mg hydroxyzine with each 10mg tablet.  The histamine release is so aggravating that wearing clothes is just short of torture and every pore feels like it has a live nerve in it. My bowels have stopped completely.  The CONS outway the PROS on this one for me.  I have read a lot on how addicting this is and I cannot understand why - while it certainly did work on the pain, it made me feel miserable.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I'm  66 yrs and have had back pain for 46 yrs. My doctor had me on Percodan for about 15 yrs then he switched me over to Oxycontin when the Percodan didn't help. I'm on 10mg twice a day. I have Degenerative disk disease from L1 to L5 plus a fractured tail bone (from a fall). My doctor does not want me on them but I cannot function with the pain. Doctor is so scared that I will die if I take too many even though I would never abuse them. I have tried acupuncture, cortisone shots and most of anything that would ease the pain but Oxycontin does the job. BUT they take a long time to kick in.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been on oxycontin for a few weeks and this medicine is amazing. It totally kills all my pain and gives me energy. I can have a normal life because of it. ”2011For Pain:		“My Mother is prescribed this medication for pain from several different issues.  They range from 4 rotator cuff surgeries, to bone grafts, and a couple other pretty gnarly issues.  She's tried the other medicines with little to no results.  I remember the week her doctor started her on oxycodone and it was like she was given a second chance at life.  She could move about as she pleased (as opposed to being bed ridden with pain), she could make dinner plans, go on trips to see family members, etc etc etc.
”2011For Pain:		“I had shoulder surgery 6 weeks ago and it helped me tremendously the first 5 days after my surgery. I had to take it regularly every 4-6 hours to help with the pain. It worked wonders. It made me nauseous if I didn't take with food and made me a little dizzy and light headed so no driving while on this medicine until you get used to it. Other than that it was very helpful with my pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Severe Scoliosis for over 10 years. Been on Vicodin. Made my gut ache. Tried Oxycontin. Started on 5mg. Not great. 15mg,4 x a day, 30 for breakthrough pain. This medicine also has changed my life! I can function so much better than anything else I've found. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been in severe pain for about 8 years and I'm only in my early 30's. Have been told by too many doctors that I have fibromyalgia but cannot function on Lyrica. Been on Oxycontin 60mg twice a day for almost 3 years now. I was able to work and take care of my child. But lost insurance and can't pay the for Oxycontin. So I haven't been able to work. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Injured my wrist 6 years ago playing raquetball and later diagnosed with RSD. After  EVERY drug know to man, physical therapy, and extreme pain, I was finally reffered to the pain clinic. After explaining what I had been going through for 6 years, I was put on MS Contin at first then switched to Oxycontin 10mg X 2 a day. WOW. I can function almost like normal.”2011Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Pain:		“If not for Roxicodone (oxycodone) 30mg tablets I'd have unbearable back and leg pain from a disc herniation. This medicine makes the pain go away, 99.9%!   

I need 90-120mg/day. I also take Aleve 440mg, once every 2 days. 

I need something without acetaminophen for the health of my liver. Roxicodone has given me a life.”2011OxyIR (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Works well for the pain and works fast, also with IR you know when it is going to take effect.”2011For Pain:		“A very effective pain medicine compared to what is out there.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“My doctor put me on Oxycontin. About 4 months ago we started at 10mg twice a day with 4 x 5/325 Percocets. We are at 30 mg twice a day and 4 x 10/325 Percocets a day now. I have fibromyalgia, IBS, Myfasical pain, herniated disc in neck. This dosage has given me a lot of relief but I would love to be able to go to to dinner or something with my husband so I think a little more work is needed. I do have one problem it makes me itch like crazy. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I had years of good pain control from oxycontin and was able to lead a fairly normal life. I have always taken it exactly as prescribed by my doctor. Now I am going to have to find some other way to combat my pain because of extreme stomach problems and general illness from the remade version. I have never had these problems in the past. I don't know what I am going to do for pain now.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis 4 yrs ago. I had a total knee replacement done 4 months ago and was told I have degenerative joint disease. Due to those 2 medical problems the total knee replacement is taking FOREVER to heal, therefore I am in constant, extreme pain. I take 1 - 40 mg tablet of Oxycontin 3 x daily and 1 -10/325 mg tablet of Percocet 6 x daily. I can HONESTLY say that if I were not taking these medications the pain would be too intolerable for me to do at least half of the things that I HAVE to do on a daily basis. I still feel some pain, my pain level went from a 10 to a 3 when I take both medicines as prescribed. 2 thumbs up.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Have had 13 low back surgeries The Oxycontin has helped me lead as normal life as much as possible, until they changed them. They don't work even near what the oc had. I now they say not to crush them but I  would crush one.Dr put me to 4 80s three times a day.  To get to where i had been getting somewhat of a life back, I would crush one for breakthrough pain felt pretty good. Now I am right back in bed 24hr a day,Also noticed my body has been putting out a smell like burnt rubber,And sick to my stomach, Have not had a bowl movement in 2 weeks .I told the Dr I would give him all my oxycontin back to him to just get something else. So I will be changing.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I've been prescribed them for years and they've done nothing but make my life livable, the time I can enjoy with my kids now that I'm not in constant pain, but the OP's? I got really bloated from them, the pain is the same as it would be after taking two Lortab tens. When and how can I find a pharmacy that has the OC that saved my life, my job, me existence because I'm falling apart with the allergic reactions from the new OP's like I'm allergic. ”2011For Pain:		“I have been on every pain medication known to man in since I was 11 years old. I won't go in to the boring details, but suffice it to say, at 54 years old, I am able to lead a somewhat normal life. I have been on oxycodone for about 6 years this time around. I have switched from Oxycontin to oxycodone. That took a while to get my dosing correct, but is fine now. I have few side effects and can function normally. Finally, I work full time, drive, garden etc. Too bad there is so much bad press.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was on every pain medicine imaginable and even Oxycontin for a few years. At first I thought it was the 'wonder medicine' people talk about. After a while though, it caused me more problems than it was worth. The strange thing was, if I took the normal (prescribed) dose, I would actually feel like I had more pain than if I didn't take it at all, so I was always trying to take more because if I didn't take it I had withdrawals. Then I was always caught trying to take more to avoid the pain or the withdraw. I finally got away from that and started taking methadone. A very small dose of methadone does fine with absolutely no side affects, no withdrawals if I don't need it that day, and no chasing the pain away.”2011For Pain:		“One of the only medications that allows me to function in a small way because of the bone disease I have (avascular necrosis) I need 6 joint replacements (hips, knees and shoulders). Without this medicine I can not clean eat or sleep without severe limits. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have suffered with an incurable rare spinal cord injury. I first tried Oxycontin in December 2010. Little did I know that they were taking the generics off the shelves. The medicine worked great.The new oxy op is very expensive and  not of the same release time. How are people going to afford this?”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have used the OC for 11 years. During that time I have only decreased my dosage. Now, the OP formula simply doesn't work. I take 2-3X the breakthrough pain medicines, I have added ibuprofen and naproxen to my regimen. I am going to have to increase my OP dosage on my next visit because it simply doesn't work. Thia new formula is ineffective. I'm going to discuss switching to a different medication, but the OC used to work so well. I was able to go canoeing and walking in the woods. Now I'm back to missing work.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have had RSD for 20 years and was well controlled on 30mg Percocet and 30mg Methadone a day. The pain doctor wanted a change and now I am on the new Oxycontin 20mg twice a day.  I took my 20mg at 7 am.  It is now 8 hours later and I 
am at a level 7 pain.  From the last few days experience when I take 20mg at 7pm, it will last until midnight then I will be at a level 8 or 9 pain.  I have not slept in 3 days.  I was well controlled! Why couldn't she leave it alone?
”2011For Pain:		“I am a diesel mechanic and I have chronic back pain and knee problems. Oxycodone has been a God send for me. I am able to perform my duties still. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I take 80mg 3 times a day. Before taking this medicine I spent almost two years in a bed due to the pain levels I would reach when standing or walking on my foot. After my doctor switched me to Oxycontin for long term use my whole life changed. I now have been taking this medicine for over 10 years and I don't know how I could have survived without it. ”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Used during chemotherapy for neuropathy. Helped with pain.”2011“Since taking this medicine I have been able to get out of my wheelchair.  Although in the beginning the side effects were a little hard to get used to it has greatly increased the quality of my life.  I do however wish that it was more readily available to my pharmacy as there are times that I worry whether or not I will be able to get it and never knowing which brand I will get. Each generic brand comes with its own set of side effects from headaches to itchy skin to nausea.  They need to be more consistent with the inert ingredients to avoid this problem.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was run over by a car last year and suffer with extreme sciatic back pain. Until I have surgery I have been going to a pain management doctor. She has prescribed me oxycodone 30mg 5 times a day along with methadone 10mg 2 times a day. The combination of these medicines is a miracle for me. I can now enjoy life without having to drink all day. You forget how awesome life is until you cant enjoy it because of severe pain! Hope the people at these manufactures know how much the medicines they make have helped me to enjoy life again. Thank you.”2011Roxicodone Intensol (oxycodone) for Pain:		“No other medicine helps me get through my pain and through my day like oxycodone. I have been in 2 horrible car accidents and have tried many pain medications, and oxycodone is the only medication that completely takes away my lower back pain. It is a shame that so many people abuse this drug because it works miracles for chronic back pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“THE NEW OXYCONTIIN HAS A SLOW ONSET FOR ME.  INSTEAD OF A 15  MINUTE ONSET, IT TAKES 45 MINUTES.  I SUSPECT IT IS BECAUSE MY STOMACH ACID LEVEL IS LOW BECAUSE I TAKE PRILOSEC DAILY FOR ACID REFLUX.  I CALLED PURDUE PHARMA AND ASKED IF THEY HAD TESTED THE NEW FORMULA FOR EFFECTIVENESS IN PEOPLE WHO TAKE PRILOSEC.   THE ANSWER WAS NO.  THE TECH I Spoke WITH SAID IT SHOULDN'T MATTER BECAUSE IT IS SIMPLY IMMERSION IN LIQUID THAT DISSOLVES OXYCONTIN.  THIS TURNED OUT TO BE WRONG.  I HAD A FEW OF THE OLD OXYS SO I DID AN EXPERIMENT.  IN TWO SEPARATE CONTAINERS I PUT 20 MG OXYS TO COMPARE HOW THEY DISSOLVED.  THE OLD PILL DISSOLVED MUCH FASTER. ”2011For Pain:		“It works the best for me. I have degenerative disc disease and they give me these every 6 hours, 3 times a day and ever since I have been on 30mg I have been fine no pain at all in my back and able to sleep through the night.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Did wonders for my pain.”2011OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I have a major complaint about the changing of the OC's to the OP's. I have been taking the 80mg OC's for the last 2 years for my Neuropathy from my diabetes and it seems to have been the only thing that works for the pains that I have. Now after the change of them to the OP's I have been taking them now for today being the third day and they don't do much for my pain. On top of that they make my whole body itch very bad and today discovering that I'm now passing blood in my urine. Have never done that in my life of 48 years. So what do I to do now? I understand why the changes were made with the formulation, but what about the people who use it the right way and who really need it? We are the one's who are suffering because of people who abuse it.”2011