For Chronic Pain:		“Worked initially but then developed pruritus. The itching was unbearable. Tried taking it with Benedryl but I had to take such a massive of Benedryl in order not to itch horribly.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My doctor prescribed OxyContin after I'd been hit by an 18 wheeler, rolled down an embankment, and fractured my spine. I'd been taking high doses of acetaminophen for years and had liver damage from Halothane gas and then acetaminophen. He wanted me to take a single dose opioid so that I wasn't taking more acetaminophen. Taking OxyContin was incredible. For the first time in years my pain was under control. I took it for 3 years... Until the "guidelines" went into effect. I successfully weaned myself off with no help and without incident. However, I've been bedridden for over two years because I've now exhausted all other things that have been suggested. Injections quit working, I've been to PT numerous times, taken anti seizure meds, psychotropic meds, and now I've given up. Unfortunately, I'm back to high doses acetaminophen just to take a shower or sit up and chat for 1/2 hr. ”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on oxycodone for 10yr's, It work's great 
for me. But I can only take Qualitest Brand, now 
I'm having a hard time finding them. I had 4 back 
surgery's , hip, wrist ,knee, now I need a shoulder replacement. My question is what can I do to keep getting the Qualitest Brand. All other's DON'T WORK AT ALL They make me sick.
”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Moved and had to change Doctor
Was given Xampza twice daily I have found this medication horrible. It does not work on a consistent level, any relief that it gives it quickly fades. 12 hour relief is a joke, maybe 6-7 hours. B/P has gone up, needed to increase my Atenolol 25mg. Nausea soon becomes a constant companion with headaches to add to original chronic pain. This has been my experience, I also see many others have issues with this medication.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. It spread to my bones and lungs. I started with morphine and it just didn't hold the pain. My doctor then changed my prescription to Xtampza ER 13.5. That didn't hold for 12 hours. Went to 27 ER. It held for about 6-7 hours. If anyone has stage 4 breast cancer and are comfortable please let me know.”2018For Pain:		“Another effective med if only used occasionally so tolerance stays low and side effects are avoided. 10 mg is my 'big gun' if ibuprofen won't touch the pain.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Oxycodone has been kind to me.  I have suffered no side affects that I am aware of.  I take my meds as prescribed and it works well for me.  At times I have to take Tylenol with my oxycodone.   I am allergic to NSAIDs so it is important to keep my pain under control safely.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been a chronic pain patient 5 years now. doctor said try Oxycontin. It would last longer. Tried it for a week. Bad Choice for me as  my pain in morning was a 10 but after trying this pill pain dropped to a 7 which is not terrible but it's not good.  Pills were supposed to last 12 hours nope. Bed time took pill and it helped me sleep. But I would wake up five times a night scratching myself. I think Oxycontin bad choice. The oxycodone fast-acting pills work better because they work super fast. Oxycontin not what advertised. I expected more out of this medication. I need fast acting meds period. I would say give Oxycontin a chance may work for you but don't get your hopes up like I did. On top of that most won't cover it because of the government. The government is pushing back and do not want anybody on these powerful medications And I can't afford to pay out of pocket at $3000 per 100 pills. that just can't happen and that is just way too much money . Especially if on Medicaid or Medicare that are disabled.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have lumbar and sacral issues due to an injury sustained in an auto accident in 2012. I have degenerative disc disease and 3 herniated discs. Oxycodone has made it easier to live a life and keep my dignity as I was nearly bedridden for a year. I have a p-450 cytochrome issue. I'm currently on oxycontin er 15 mg twice daily and oxycodone 10 mg three times daily for breakthrough pain.  I currently take the kvk tech brand (they're little pink pills)
I've had different generics and they are not created equal. amneal, aurobindo, camber, rhodes, mallinkrodt are complete garbage and have more side effects than you can shake a stick at. My top three are Kvk tech, qualitest and alvogen in that order. I have had radioablation therapy, injections, massages, acupuncture, tens unit, the whole 9 yards just about. I had a fusion two years ago and don't have the best mobility but I am able to function and play with my children and go on walks with my wife and I couldn't ask for anything more.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking 15mg oxycodone by mallencott for several years, today,  I got Rhoddes brand in 15mg., and to my surprise,  these are very effective!”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Works great but causing severe sore throat. Taken steroids and antibiotics with no relief. Everyone including pharmacist says it would not cause sore throat but ever since I started these have had a severe chronic sore throat. If it wasn't for sore throat would love it it.  It helps with back pain much more than MS-contin. ”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was put on this medication for chronic back pain and primary progressive MS. I had been on OxyContin and oxycodone. The medication simply doesn’t work for me. My insurance company finally approved my old medications for me. I understand the abuse that goes along with the opiate medications. However I don’t abuse it. I never will either. I hate taking pain medications but I have no choice. Good luck with the pain for all of you.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“The Mallinkrofdt brand 15 mg simply don't get the job done. Florida forced chronic pain sufferers to lower our doses from 30 mg roxicone to the 15 mg oxycodone which is the 2nd lowest mg the pills come in and are for people just taking them for a few months .I am almost 60 and have been suffering from a bullet wound to my spine ,it's still in there ,and severe lower lumbar problems with my thigh and right leg beginning to cause me problems”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I just started this after my PM doc said that OxyContin was being targeted by most states. Was on Oxycontin 20 mg for several years..then was put on MS Contin 30 mg for a month which didn't help with pain..but did help me sleep. Now on Xtampza ER 18 mg and it seems to work ok...seems inconsistent though. Some days it works great and other days not so much...almost as if they put placebo pills in with the Xtampa. Going to continue giving this a chance since my insurance seems to approve of it after a doctors exception request. Hopefully it will get better..haven't tried the sprinkling on food yet..but I will try that tonight.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been in chronic pain for 22 years. I was forced to switch to this med two months ago. It does not relieve my pain, and I gained 20 lbs. in one month. It also gave me migraines. Will not take it again.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was taking 30 MG of oxycontin per day when Cigna suddenly stopped covering it. The Doctor switch me to Xtampza ER 13.5 MG twice a day and I was quite apprehensive after being on Oxycontin for the past few years for an in-operable chronic back condition. I have been very happy with the new medication. It works as well as what I had been taking and it seems to last longer. With Oxycontin I knew when the time was up with this medication I can go two to three hours over the time for the next dose and not have a problem. I also have the feeling that getting off this medication will be easier than getting off the Oxycontin. I know it's basically the same medication but it just seems to work differently.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Xtampza gave me my dignity back. I was bedridden for over four years straight and after literally trying every pain medication in existence (including Fentanyl, spinal nerve stimulator, and pain pump,) I am now able to function at a much higher level. This medication is ideal for those who metabolize  meds rapidly, which can be discovered by taking a P-450 blood test. Because of the abuse deterrent capsule, the beads of medication break down slowly. In my experience, this keeps side effects like nausea down. It lasts longer than any ER med I have tried and is more stable in its release. I am losing weight gained previously. The capsule can be sprinkled on apple sauce, but needs to have a fat source to break down properly. A cracker or cookie easily solves this, which is a good practice to have in place with any med to protect stomach lining. I am prescribed a breakthrough med besides Xtampza. I am thankful beyond words that this has worked for me.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Hi I have 2 types of cancer, one that is stage 4. My doctor put me on these to try something new but when I take it I get severe pain in my kidneys, and my body aches where my lymph nodes are. I have also gotten shooting pains in my heart. Has anyone else had side effects like this? My doctor told me to keep taking them but I literally feel like they are killing my organs and me slowly.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I posted a few months ago, but since then, I've started to have some issues with the formulation. I have developed headaches and I have just felt a cloud of depression fall over me which I never had while on plain oxycodone.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“OK guys and girls.  I posted before.  Since then I have sent two messages to Camber, but they refuse to respond.  I’m going to contact the FDA.  But....good news.  I told my pain management doctor about our dilemma today.  He understands and agrees that they probably are under cutting the price to Walgreens.  He said to try a “mom and pop” pharmacy, which I did.  They don’t use the Camber brand, and said they’ll work with me to keep me as a customer. They order their own stuff.  He’s going to call me when my script is ready (have to wait till it’s due.) They take my insurance, and the price is the same as Walgreens, my PPO pharmacy!”2018For Chronic Pain:		“To be completely 100% honest with you guys I have been on oxycodone on a number of different occasions from my knee that I blew out in MMA to my toe operation to my back pain. These fast acting medications have worked very well for me and I would not change a thing. The only thing that makes me angry is that for my weight height and for my pain I need a high dose oxycodone pill and for me 40 to 50 mg per pill would be the perfect thing but I'm stuck on a lousy 20 mg pill 4 times a day. 
This is just ridiculous .  These pills last on me about an hour or so which they advertise 4 to 6 hours so that's kind of disappointing but overall oxycodone works good for me...”2018For Chronic Pain:		“The Oxycodone works fine. I was given MS cont but the things it does to my body and the tiny bit of relief it gave me was not worth the constipation -  sitting on the throne for a hour in tears is no fun. The oxycodone never did it but my state seems to have this problem of running out of pills and pharmacy will make you wait 3-4 days to get your Rx filled IF they will fill it. CVS has banned any of my doctors RX's because 1 bad apple that my doctor kicked out. Now there is only few places that will fill my rx”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I'm not getting any relief from this medication. My Dr prescribed the 9 to be taken twice a day. Since I also take oxycodone 10 ,3 x a day the Dr said it would be the equivalent to the oxy 10 but last around the clock. Also I was wondering if anyone has noticed weight gain. I have put on 30lb in a matter of months which I have never done before. Maybe it's my system or to low of a dose but my Dr will not up it for anyone. I have also had a lot of crazy dreams and my blood pressure has went up quite high causing me to be put on medication for it.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This "awful drug" as reported by the media and the internet, has become the evil of prescription pain medication. But what you don't read or hear about is the thousands of people who's lives are made bearable by the use of this medication.  I have had multiple major surgeries following a lifting injury 18 years ago which left me with severe chronic pain caused from nerve damage during surgery. I have successfully taken 30 mg of oxycontin 3 x day for 15 years without ever needing to increase the dosage. The misconception is that pain medication will take away the pain...which is wrong. Pain medication should only be used to take the EDGE off the pain, not eliminate it. Oxycontin can be successfully used to take away enough of the pain over an 8-12 hour period for the patient to be able to at least function. Taking higher doses in order to eliminate the pain is where patients get in trouble, and can have fatal consequences.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Worked initially, then made me ITCH like MAD!!! The combination of pain and itching was too much for me to handle!”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was hit by an 18-wheeler. I fractured my spine. My doctor prescribed OxyContin because I'd been taking high doses of acetaminophen for years, which affected my liver. I took OxyContin successfully for 3 yrs 'til the US government decided chronic pain patients are expendable. 


I successfully weaned off of OxyContin, W/O ANY help!  My dr made sure I had enough to wean off b4 he left his practice. 
Reality: Only 0.3 percent of chronic pain pts ever become addicted. 
The US government has recently admitted to fraudulent and over stated numbers, elevated by over 50 percent! 

I've done every other treatment recommended by doctors, most incredibly expensive & invasive. Nothing worked & I've been bedridden for the past 3 plus yrs.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Just took capsule 13.5 mg and sprinkled on yogurt, it hit me in 10 minutes extremely loopy but yes it really works, those people out there saying that it doesn’t work probably may have become tolerant of everything. Take your meds as prescribed people, do not overtake, this stuff works great, I feel 0% pain right now for the first time in 20 years”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on this med because of insurance changes as well. Was on oxycontin 20mg 2x day plus three 10 mgs a day. Still having a lot of pain but somewhat of an existence and able to work some. Been on xtampza 18 2x day have had to go up on breakthrough and the doc not happy keeps telling me give it time. Its been 3 months. My biggest complaint is its inconsistency. Some days works ok and the next I find myself waking up sneezing. Its a shame how bad of four letter word pain is anymore and if you speak up or complain you worry your doctor will send you packing. And this month my copay for this changed same rules and cost as oxycontin but can't have that back according to doc.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“As with any pain medication the medication tolerance increases as the pain threshold decreases. I have taken oxycodone since having spinal fusion. I have been taking Hydrocodone at various dosages for nearly 25 years. Following my spinal fusion, I was prescribed Fentanyl and oxycodone 10mg. Fortunately, I was able to stop taking the fentanyl patch and continued with the Oxycodone 10 mg immediate release. However, it is a never-ending ride. I feel like I should be trying to take less oxycodone but have not been able to do so. This would be an example of dependency rather than abuse. Pretty much, the only substance that I have been able to find that gives me temporary immediate relief is THC. This is a breach of my pain contract but unfortunately, I need to be able to control my pain in order to function and have a good quality of life. I do not use marijuana on a regular basis. However, if legalized, I could see it being able to overcome my dependency on oxycodone.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have taken all the usual prescription opiates over the past 14 years almost daily.  Xtampza is very inconsistent and dangerous and therefore ineffective.  My experience  is that it is not time released.  The withdrawal is the worst yet  I paid a lot of money for this fancy capsules which is just a marketing scheme. I would not recommend this so called pain med to anyone.  Big pharma guinea pig!!”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Very helpful”2018For Chronic Pain:		“After long term use, an increase is needed as you build up a tolerance.  At the same time Doctors are forced to decrease the dosage by the DEA .All decided by those who never had chronic pain.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“The pill from Rhodes does not work as well as the one from KVK Tech.  Pain does not go away as quickly or completely, & comes back faster.  Those of us with Thoracic Surgery Pain Syndrome/Post-Thoracotomy Pain: "pain after thoracotomy - very severe, probably the most severe pain experienced after surgery" have to fight not only the pain, but pill manufacturers messing with ingredients.  For the Big Pharmas to produce/sell them for less money, so pharmacies buy the cheaper pills, and mess with the patient (the people who are in constant pain-remember us?!) to save .00001 cent per hundred pills.   I am sorry to sound angry - but I AM angry!  I was OK with four or five 10mg pills /day.  I could live almost a regular life!  Do yoga a couple times a week, clean the house & perhaps even do a bit of gardening on the same day.  Now it hurts to do any activity using my upper body.  (RLL  removed 12/07,  LUL resection in 2/16).  I am only 60 years old - I should be able to have a 'normal' life.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“** BEWARE OF ALLERGIC REACTIONS TO FILLERS **

My wife has recently attempted to take this medication for chronic pain. Unfortunately, it's unusable for her. They have put an additive in the filler that causes her severe stomach gastroparesis. In layman's terms, that means it causes her stomach and digestive system to lock up and shut down - she's unable to digest it or almost anything else now.

She took the pills (1 every 8 hours) for about 5 days until she realized that they were causing an inflammation of her stomach lining and digestive tract.

Not only that, but subsequently, she hasn't been able to eat anything besides fluids and the most easy to digest foods. She can't eat anything solid, nothing acidic either even if it's in a liquid form.”2018For Pain:		“I got on oxycodone for pain caused by spondylolysis and spondylolisthesis along with a general stenosis of the spine.  This came on through my sport of powerlifting and a couple bang ups on an oil field drilling rig.  The pain grew in intensity over the years until I ended up on disability and finding a pain doctor.  I stayed on pain drugs 10 years.  I live in rural Montana and there are not many secrets in a small town.  I became a small time dealer.  I paid $2 for 120 oxy 30's.  People would pay $40 for just one pill.  I could also trade one 30 for a strip of Suboxone.  It's ironic the industry can say that this is not trading one drug for the other when it is obvious an addict (me) was doing just that.  I'm lucky to be alive and even luckier I'm not in jail or some place like that.  I was warned by someone that my name came up.  Pain meds are out of vogue now.  I finally was dismissed by my pain clinic on a technicality.   I guess it's over when it's over.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I am in so much pain and getting worse everyday...I try to do things around the house and standing up to make is impossible now I have talked to my PCP and she is not listening to me.  I just want my quality of life back.  I have  fibromyalgia ankolyspinal, 2 bulging discs ,arthritis, chronic pain spinal stenosis 
and she won't listen to me so I am going to a hospital in Boston - one of the best and maybe  I will get some answers”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I'm 62, I've been on meds for years which worked well, 
felt no need to abuse it. Now I see change in quality, dosage, strength & side effects. Add different in different drugs company's and brands is another problem (you never know what you're getting at ye local pharmacy anymore) you get a hodgepodge of declining product.
My own reviews are that I could manage my pain better with a regular non-ER pill. ER causes me sleepless nights, whereas I never had that problem before, so I try and cut out my evening pill. Doubling dosage for some recently sprained purple toes, was worse than a break to me as caused me to throw up repeatedly; never again.
Please hear me out. I don't advocate this for everyone but every now & then I dissolve half an ordinary pill w/Pepsi within my reg dosage. Works fast and keeps queasiness at bay. 
Also,try not to scratch that itch (bad side effect) especially while trying to sleep. Keep a bottle of Curel handy. Gawwd I do.
Adjust if you must. You know your body.
Let's be safe out there. Have a great day/week.
One man's opinion.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have just started, seems to be working as advertised. I have had Chronic Pancreatitis for 12 years, and have struggled for years to get pain under control. Like I said before just started taking. It has been a week, I don’t have to take as much break through medicine. I can finally sleep more than 4 hours, yeah!!!”2018Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have taken these as a med for breakthrough pain in addition to oxymorphone 30 mg ER. The roxycodone is quite beneficial in helping to control my chronic pain. I would rather have the brand name with these but it is too expensive.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Dose: 27mg, 2X per day; Hit-or-miss, minimal pain control; Side effects include IBS issues, dizziness, nausea, irritability, crying, elevated heart rate, hot flashes & insomnia. For the 1st time in 10 years my pain is NOT managed. Government & big business insurance companies are forcing patients to use an ineffective medication. The definition of "prejudice" & "discrimination." All CHRONIC pain patients complain to the US government, insurance companies & any legislators playing the role of "doctor,". Statements such as "all opioid patients/pain patients are abusing medication & 1-step away from heroin addiction," is SLANDEROUS & DISCRIMINATORY! Chronic pain patients aren't "addicted," they're "dependent" on the medicine for ADL. Contact your state chronic pain advocacy group and let's start taking back control of our lives!”2018For Pain:		“I get oxycodone 15mg (round green k) they have not been same strength wise since Jan 2018.  Then  since about March the pharmacy started giving me what ever brand they got which have been several different manufactures. And the strength effect has not been the same. I have been on this medication for years. And the manufacturers putting fillers in and the strength is not the same.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking this with Gabapentin for 2.5 months now. It is so hard just get this medication filled. Oxaydo does not help with the pain level very much. I am allergic to anti-inflammatory drugs. I was hospitalized from Motrin/advil . Almost destroyed my whole stomach. My medical issues will be life long from severe arthritis disease. I am almost crippled and in dire need of pain control medication. This med is not very good but what can I do when doctors don't or won't help”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This is a good medication for chronic pain if used correctly. Patients should take in consideration that they should be cautious in using this medication with other anxiety or sleep medications. Breathing problems can occur and cause serious problems. It works only if you follow your doctors orders if you do that then it works well. I hope this helps.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Works great for me!! I am able to have a life with my family instead of always being in too much pain to go anywhere. I can't take many pain meds but this one works perfect.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Our county is one of several that is suing the  drug manufactures so in order to look good the doctors at my pain clinic have totally messed me up. I was on 2, Oxycontin  30 mg. ER. plus my break thru pain medication. They have replaced the Oxycontin with the Xtampza ER 27 mg. I am in so much pain that I often can't get out of bed.  My blood pressure has gone up since taking this so they have upped my BP medication.”2018Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“As a chronic pain patient,  I have not found a better treatment  than roxicodone for myself. The side effects are minimal at best.”2018For Pain:		“I suffered multiple displaced fractures of the 11th and 12th ribs and nerve damage and cartilage damage between my chest wall and ribcage. I get injections into my ribcage every 2 weeks and 10mg oxycodone / apap, 1 tab three times a day. Injury sustained 3/28 and pain is still unmanageable and has me unable to go about my day to day as well as I'm cranky and irritable due to the pain. I was hoping I'd of healed by now. Recently pushed myself way to much and re-injured the same area and had to stop the NSAIDS due to stomach issues. Anyone else experience such severe pain continuing on 1.5 months from original rib fractures??”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I can't really give an opinion yet as l just started on the medication today . I will come back in a month and give a review”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have had a neck fusion and I am herniated from L2-S1, stenosis, 3 bone spurs , bursitis in my hips and arthritis. I live with chronic pain every second of everyday! My pain management dr had me on 30mg Oxycodone 6x a day ,and soma. He started me on extampza ER 18mg. It took a few days before I noticed I wasn’t taking as many Oxycodone because the extampza was helping me.  I’m now on 15mg Oxycodone 4x a day and twice a day extampza and I feel great! I don’t want to look and feel high, I’m just looking for less pain. While taking extampza I’ll get a burst of the med which I like Extampza gives me exactly what I need!  It’s my “got my life back med” there are some days I’ll only need 1 oxycodone!  I don’t like taking meds all day every 4-6 hours  this is just 2 a day!  I’m feeling great!”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Xtampza works very well for being extended release.  I have half the breakthrough pain and flair up's taking this med. Take it around the clock on time. Be patient with this med and find out what dose works best. It changed my life drastically for the better.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have constant, chronic severe facial pain from a head & neck injury that was recently helped in a major way with stimulator implant surgery in Denver. Still need pain meds but much lower dose. Forced to  use this drug thru the insurance  company's refusal to continue providing Oxy ER. Was put on Xtampza for about 2.5 months, gained 25 pounds FAST without changing diet, extreme headaches with pressure like never before,  every joint hurt. Dr said to maintain 18 mg/2x day dose anyway.  Took one more week, gained 5 pounds more, and said enough. Got off it using leftover fast acting, now down to just occasional doses for severe breakthrough pain. Found out all my allergies and general body aches the past 13 years have been due to pain meds and my body's reaction to them so once I'm off,  symptoms disappear. Wouldn't have known that without Xtampza, BUT my headaches aren't easing after being off it for a month, plus going off Topiramate. Will these headaches ever get better or is this my new normal?”2018For Pain:		“Um, I just got a call from my mom. She went to check on my sister and found her dead on her couch. The detectives counted all her meds, doesn't look like she overdosed. I guess we'll find out after the autopsy. The strange thing is, my sister was a recovering addict and alcoholic, I believe she was clean for 2 years. But why am I only now finding out about her Oxy usage. ? My mom knows better.  I'm really perplexed as to the reason my mom didn't tell me my sister was taking Oxy for her bulging discs. I guess that's water under the bridge. She was 49. R.I.P. Dawn, I love you !”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Incredible pain relief without tolerance build up. Helps me work with less pain and improved my life a huge amount!”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was trying this medication after being on OxyContin for the last 2 years and after getting on a Medicare advantage plan that didn’t cover the OxyContin. It takes 1-2 hours for the onset of Xtampza and it only last 8 hours at best, usuallly 6-7. Nowhere near as effective as OxyContin for relief of chronic pain for me.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Recently I was switched to this version of oxycodone because of all the hoopla with drug addicts abusing pain medication. I immediately had problems with breathing and had isolated pains in my side and under my rib cage. I spoke to the pharmacy and was told that it “probably”wasn’t from this med. However it occurs within as half hour of taking this med and does not happen on other oxycodone versions. The doctor are having their hands tied .  There’s absolutely something in the additives that are strongly disrupting my upper respiratory and nasal passages. Believe me, I have never even entered the thought of inhalation or other abuse of this med.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Dangerous erratic medication. Package says to take with same amount and same type of food every dose. How can you do that. I can tell you this for sure. Sometimes it works, sometimes you OD, sometimes it does nothing for the pain. You never know what you will get. This medication is going to OVER DOSE PEOPLE!. You can tell the good reviews on here were written by the drug maker. The only thruth-ful ones sound like this.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This is the only medication that help alleviate my pain enough to be able to get anything done. The ones of us that use this as directed are being punished in general because of all of the problems now associated with it. So many doctors are now afraid of prescribing the correct doses needed and many of us are suffering.  The medicine is not the problem,  it's the shady doctors that set up to make money, and also people that don't secure their meds to keep them from being taken by someone that they are not prescribed to.  This is so typical of our government to not go after the real problem.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Works so much better than Oxycontin!  The medication seems to release and continue a steady stream of medication, helping the chronic pain constantly!  So grateful for this medication!”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Today went off the Fent for good. Doc prescribes Xtampza. I told doc I will try it but no more patches. If the product does not control my pain it too will be gone. I refuse to pay what I pay for insurance, be is pain 24/7 and not be able to find something to control it.  The Pharma game of money roulette is over. The 2 major surgeries with hardware,  new L5 disk several thousand over 8 years.  Nope”2018For Pain:		“I take Endone for 4 days every month. 5mg every 6 hrs. I have Stage 4 endometriosis (horrid blood loss, 10 pain from under breast to knees, lower back pain & in rectum) I have 2 hot water bottles, & panadol. The panadol takes the heat from my head & feet. The pain goes after 10 mins. I don't take naprogesic as my blood turns a dark brown colour. Honey, lemon & cinnamon drinks help. I also take Endep. Have had many MVA's mostly neck & lower back pain, but now great after chiro. I have Chronic Myloid Leukemia so I take Glivec & soursop to stay alive. Chinese meds help well for endo. I had to go on endone, as the interactions with Chinese meds and CML are unknown. I prefer Eastern meds, to all western meds. After laproscopy the best is endone & panadol. Morphine didn't work for me. Endone side effects are sweaty head & feet, & I remain bedridden & a sensitivity from crumpled sheets. The withdrawal symptoms are negligible, restlessness.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This is the only medication I actually get some pain relief from. My Dr. has also prescribed 5mg methadone twice a day along with my 30mg oxycodone  - which because of all the people who have abused the drug and turned to the street to self medicate with herion - my dose of 4 a day has now suddenly been reduced to 2 a day and replaced the other 2 with 15 mg oxycodone. Which doesn't help my pain at all.  And he said because I am apparently 3 times over the allowed limit( thanks Trump). He said he would reduce my intake very slowly so it would be a less painful. It would take one year or more to have me where he wants my dose. But to me very slowly would not be ⬇️ it by 30mgs off the bat. I don't know if I should be looking for care somewhere else? Or if this is about right?”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain from Lumbar area, a botched carpal tunnel surgery along with now, Chronic Lyme disease etc. Yes, I got more  pain issues. I'm what's known as a train-wreck when it comes to pain.  I didn't ask for this, No one does! Dr. notes my back is on his top 10 for the 'worst' ever seen. 
This medicine allows me to function somewhat. ”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Pain:		“It's oxycodone plain and simple. If you ever had a problem with oxycodone, percocet, etc. In the past, you WILL have a problem with this med. I have been on oxycodone of various forms for nearly a decade and see no difference between this and the others. I am a bit puzzled though, why the FDA can grant approval of this formulation in only 5mg and 7.5mg strengths. Supposedly they got denied an approval to market this med in higher doses.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“All this is is oxycodone with extra filler as an abuse deterrent. If you don't respond well to oxycodone, Oxycontin or Percocet, then you won't have a favorable response to this med either as it's the exact same active ingredient. I've been on several different meds over the years but always return back to the oxy because it's hands down, the most effective with fewest side effects.”2018For Pain:		“Oxy is great pain reliever.  However, getting off it is really hard to do.  I wish I had jut had the pain instead of taking it.  It does what it says but too good.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Using 20mg Oxycontin x 3 tabs a day, its very good for pain, as good as morphine I believe. At first I felt sick, and puked repeatedly, after 4 days nausea settled down.
I been on same dose for 5 years, the way I did it is to expect and live with some pain, if breakthrough occurs then lie down, deal with that and do not up the dose, for the most part it works well.  There are no prescribing issues as I am in UK and there's no problem here, and it's OC that I get and not OP.
Overall a decent painkiller if used sparingly, try to resist the extra breakthrough meds.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Only thing that actually worked on my chronic back pain and for broken collarbone. Too bad idiots make it harder on those of us who actually need pain relief.”2018Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on this for 3 months now and considering the horrible time I had with tramadol, I love this medication. My dr. told me it is a safer alternative to classic Percocet and I would have to say I agree. I have a spinal injury so pain is a constant in my life. This has been a nice balance with pain relief so I can function without feeling drugged up or having horrible side effects. I would recommend this  to anyone. I do not "crave" it like I did when I was on regular Percocet. Sometimes I even forget to take it for an hour or so after the specified time. My ONLY complaint is that it is hard to find. 3 times I have had to have my pharmacy order it and wait days without meds for them to get it in.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Takes too long to work... no matter what you eat... Don't waste your time.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Not only is this a very expensive medication even with insurance, the 18mg capsule twice a day does not help my pain one bit. What is does help me to have are abnormal, very real, and terrifying nightmares that leave me howling for help in the middle of the night, or yelling myself awake if I lie down for a nap. As someone else mentioned, these dreams are hard to wake up from on your own. Nightmares like half man, half beasts after me, a boat ride spinning out of control down an abyss, inanimate bizarre objects coming to life and after me, odd places I've visited before but haven't. I cannot deal with this, not at all, and I will not take anymore of these. At this point I would rather deal with chronic pain, than chronic nightmares and losing sleep. Acupuncture may be my next step since positively nothing medical has helped one iota. More meds have worse side effects, and cheap generics do nothing. So now what. I give up.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I was on oramorph in dosages of 50 MG and it didn't help AT ALL. 

However being on oxycodone changed my life. The dose varies from 5-25 MG and I find it effective.  This has been the only medication that worked for me. It is more potent than morphine and has been shown to Improve quality of life for many types of pain”2018OxyIR (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Not as strong and weird inactive ingredients ???”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Medication takes 3-4 hours to work no matter what you eat while taking it. When and if it starts to help with the pain, it stops in 3 or 4 hours. Sometimes it comes on so strong that I have a panic attack. I figured I would adjust to it, but after a month I have not.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Rhodes pharmaceutical 15 mg oxycodone is absolute garbage!! Does NOT take away any of my pain!”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on pain meds since Oct, 2007. Just started Xtrampza ER and it takes 4 hours to work then it hit's hard, break into a bad sweat and in 3.5 to 4 hours it stops working. This should be taken off the market.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I suffer from severe, chronic back, neck and shoulder pain. This is one of the worst medications I've ever taken. The nausea and dizziness is awful. If that were the only negative side effect, I think I could live with it though.

What I found extremely disturbing was the psychological effects. After only two doses, I had terrifying nightmares that were difficult to awaken from. I, uncharacteristically, felt like Alice in Wonderland in an extremely unpleasant manner while I was awake. I can't believe this medication is on the market. Not to mention, it did absolutely nothing to help with pain.”2018Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Helping me throughout a spinal injury, don’t know how I’d get out of bed with this meds, since insurance cut most of the opioids off the list”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone for 4 years.  I was in a bad car crash   with many broken bones. My right collar bone was  splattered in such a way as to do nerve damage  to my right  hand  and both feet. My feet are on fire 24/7 as if  I were sitting to close  to the fireplace.  I take three 10mg per day. The current government has now made it impossible for me to get any more, because of the  junkies.  If  I don't get it ...the burning is indescribable. I CAN NOT TAKE THIS PAIN IT IS 24/7...and never lets up.  I never take more than prescribed dose...”2018For Chronic Pain:		“N.Y. allows the extended release form only to treat chronic pain, and it doesn't work at all! It USED to, and now it doesn't. Internet said it is because the pharmacological  formula was changed, making it less effective and less attractive to addicts.”2018OxyContin (oxycodone) for Pain:		“OxyContin was a godsend when I was recovering from invasive cancer surgery. I never needed an increase In dosage and I was able to stop on my own without my oncologists help.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I was treated for my chronic pain for 17 yrs with oxcodone. Now at age 65 my very intelligent physician in Phila.DEA shut his small office down. I have no medical records ,without proof of failed surgeries & damage to my body I’m left to suffer in bed and to lose weight .I only have a life of unmanaged severe chronic pain & insanity.My GP does nothing to help my suffering. The DEA must stop their uncontrolled actions to close all knowledgable dr who know that the older Citizens are suffering till death ”2018