OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain 24/7. it is so bad some days/nights I can't sleep, then fell asleep driving home from work.  A friend gave me some oxy 30, and started getting around better. But no doctor will give me any. The only otc that helps me is lots of indica.”2020For Pain:		“I take the oxycotin 10-325. Recently all pharmacies in my area changed to Rhodes brand. It's garbage. Either it does not have the right amount of medicine or the strength is incorrect. I never have a single issue with any other brand. I get withdrawal symptoms, my legs jump and it keeps me from sleeping because it does not manage the pain as it should. If you try to split the pills they crumble. Does no one oversee these pharmaceutical companies??”2020For Pain:		“I fill my prescriptions at Walgreens in Florida where it is extremely difficult to get anyone to fill an opioid Rx. I am 66 years old and after breaking my hip was treated like a drug abuser at my local grocery store pharmacy. Walgreens is constantly switching to the cheaper provider. Due to complications I have been on the opioids so long I have to step down to discontinue and now Walgreens has switched again to a weaker version so I have involuntarily stepped down before I can even get started.  Walgreens has no consideration how the patient is affected only their profit.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After taking MS contin for 5 years I thought it was losing effectiveness and made the mistake of telling my dr. this. He switched me to this xtampra er. Horrible drug. It made me sick to my stomach, headachy, general malaise physically, anxious and somewhat depressed. It wasn't anymore effective than the MS Contin and what pain relief it gave me wore off in 4 hours. Due to the side effects I had no life. I didn't feel well enough to do simple things like go to the grocery store, do dishes, etc. Which the MS Contin allowed me to do. I was taking it for 2 weeks and the symptoms were getting worse not better. Just wanted my old medicine back and it was a big struggle to get it back. Got the sense from my doctor that this Xtampra ER was king of pain medication. For me it was far from that.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“OxyContin was life restoring for me. I never got high and when my doctor left practice, I tapered myself off without any problems or addiction. Of course, I am suffering greatly because I have to deal with the severe intractable chronic pain again. I was hit twice by an 18-wheeler in the same accident. That, along with several autoimmune disorders, and two rare diseases keep me from participating in life. Unfortunately because some people choose to be stupid and take illicit drugs to get high, those with severe intractable chronic pain are made to suffer, even though we have the lowest rate of addiction and abuse 0.3%. Now it's nearly impossible to get adequate (or any) opioid pain mgmt!”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was born with curvature of the spine, then my job as nurses aide for about 20 years kind of finished my back off. I've been using pain meds, with varying degrees of success, for about 40 years. About a year ago the pain clinic decided to put me on Xtampza 9. They know I cannot sleep after taking pain meds as they give me energy so I take both in the morning. I get no pain relief but what surprised me was also no energy, I can sleep even after taking 2 but cannot sleep after 1/2 hydrocodone 5/325. I can take 3 days off of the Xtampza and feel no difference. 1/2 a hydrocodone 5/325 gives me better pain relief, something is not right here. Please,  please fix this.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on opiates for over 30 years.  Eventually, I was put on Suboxone to mangage addiction with Xtampza for chronic pain.  Because of the Suboxone, I have to take at least 72 mgs of Xtampza to get any relief.  It takes about 4 hours to kick in and then lasts for about 4 hours. I only get about 8 hours of coverage (not 12) but I imagine that is due to the Suboxone taking up so many of the receptor sites.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Xtampa does not work.  It says take 1 every 12 hours.  For me it lasts around 3-4 hours max. I also take 800mg ibuprophen  Oxicodone 10/325 worked good. It would give me 4 hrs during the day, where I was pain free. I felt like I had a little bit of a life. Anyways, I fell which caused a compression fracture in L1 on my spine.  My doctor knows how much pain I'm in and prescribed me oxycodone 20mg.  My insurance made me get the "generic" one. So now I have to go to a pain clinic. My appointment is on the 10th.  So, thats my story.. It does not work.”2020Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Bed bound 5+ years for injuries and spinal micro fractures complicated by significant OA and bone spurs. Now with Roxicodone I am up and walking, doing, being! I was under medicated during the war on opioid abuse, an anesthesiologist made adjustments and within months I regained strength. 30mg 3x day has given me a measure of my freedom back.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycontin for many years for chronic pain. Insurance forced me off the brand name to a still decent oxycodone ER which worked well. Now the distributor ran out, not sure if it will ever be restocked....(has been on back order forever now) my only option left was xtampza ER, which, I agree with everybody else, does not work the same as oxycontin. I had to switch to xtampza fairly quickly and now experiencing rapid heartbeat, sleeplessness, and it only seems to work from the neck up for pain effectiveness......awful stuff!  I'm almost ready to pay out of pocket for the better medication.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“New pain doctor did not want to increase oxycodone to 4 times per day. Long story short, he prescribed Xtampza 13.5 @ 1 twice a day with 1 oxycodone 10 mg per day for breakthrough pain. I have to say it's not awful.  It took a few days to kick in, but there have even been a few days that I didn't need the oxycodone!
Chronic pain is awful!”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Chronic pain from bone spurs in my neck and spinal degradation in my lower back. I have been on pain meds for ten years. I have tried everything except fentanyl. Hydrocodone worked best for me overall with no side effects like nausea or constipation. But my liver enzymes went above normal and doctor thinks it is caused by the tylanol that is combined in the hydrocodone. I changed to morphine which I had to stop because of the terrible nausea that got worse and worse after two weeks. She then put me on Xtampza. I do not like to wait over an hour for it to work. When it does kick in, it works ok but it lasts only six hours most days....7 at the most. Pain relief is ok but hydrocodone worked better for me even though Xtampza is suppose to be 1.5 time stronger. Xtampza does cause me slight nausea but it also elevates my mood. I am going to try and talk my pain doc to give me regular oxy. I don't know why she is reluctant to do so. Hydrocodone works better than Xtampza for pain in my case.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I was given Xtampza ER instead of oxycodone...Now, I have had 2 years of unbearable pain.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on oxycodone for years after a back injury that has resulted in multiple surgeries and two fusions. The pain relief didn't last long with the Oxycodone so we went to Xtampza for more continuous pain control.

This has continued and has really improved my quality of life. I still have some pain which I take IR Oxycodone for, but I am actually on a lower total dose of opioids now than I was before Xtampza. I am back to living more and my husband has commented so many times on how much happier I am. I have been able to walk my dogs again, work out, sleep all night and do other things I missed so much.

You need to take this with food. Your body won't absorb the med fully without a high calorie meal. About four hours after taking Xtampza I feel the effects pretty intensely. This last 1-2 hours, so I have to plan my day around that so I am not driving. I had stomach pain when I first started but that subsided after a few days. These are really the only downsides I have had.”2020For Pain:		“VA is now prescribing oxycodone made by Rhodes pharma to its chronic pain patients. This stuff is pure garbage. IT DOES NOT WORK!!! I went through withdrawal and was sick for a week as soon as they switched me to this. I, like countless other reviewers now live with increased pain, nausea, upset stomach and depression. My life has been turned upside down. This is how the government treats its vets. Its DISGRACEFUL! My only hope is that enough people will come forward and expose this fake garbage they are giving us.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Xtampza 18mg twice daily does provide somewhat extended relief for chronic low back pain but the lower dosage in itself provides no relief for breakthrough pain.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“It sucks they have me on 36 mg 3 x a day no relief”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been suffering for many years with chronic back pain. I have DDD, DJD, Stenosis, arthritis , bulging disks, herniated disks and the list goes on... I was switched to this from oxycodone short acting in order to limit the amount of pills I was having to take daily which I was all for. I made it 3 days and couldn't take it anymore & since I still work and need to work to get paid, I called my doctor and she switched me back to the quick release. This stuff doesn't work and I can't understand why. If its the same as oxycodone then it should work but it absolutely doesn't. I am now scared to try any extended release because I don't want to go through suffering for 3 days again.  Maybe this stuff works but from the reviews I have read after my experience I'd have to say it may help 1 out of 25 people which is a very poor statistic.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was forced to switch to Xtampza. I’ve been taking it for about a year now. I want my OxyContin back! The Xtampza simply does not work as well. I’ve also noted more breathing problems on Xtampza. I get dizzy and have more stability problems on Xtampza. In my book, OxyContin is still a better choice for chronic pain.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Idk what the actual active ingredient is in this? Causes depression and does nothing for pain”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Percocet 10-325 since my accident in 2007. I have chronic pain from DDD, spinal stenosis, 2 ruptured discs, 3 herniated discs, rotator cuff tear ( not surgically repaired), bursitis in my right and left pelvis, ankle pain where 3 screws were implanted after a construction accident, and Ulcerative colitis. I've been taking various generic brands and have noticed; different brands don't all work the same way!
I'm on Roxicet 15mg ( Oxycodone 15mg) and I have not felt any more pain relief on the 15's than on the 10-325's. These are made by Alvogen. They are tiny green pills. One would think that the 15s would work better than the 10-325's? The 10-325's were made by "Camber" , then switched to "Wes" pharmaceutical. Is anyone here taking Roxicet 15mgs and what are your experiences with different brands?”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“OxyContin is the only pain killer that works better than Vicodin, Morphine, Tramadol, Codeine ect.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone):		“I have debilitating pain from RSD, CRPS, Levoscoliosis, Raynaud's Syndrome, Peripheral neuropathy.  It can drop me to my knees crying.  I was diagnosed in 1997 with Reflex Sympathetic Dystrophy.  It has advanced into several forms of nerve damage. I've had many different treatments. I have been on oxycontin and oxycodone for many years.  It has given me enough relief to be a productive person with little to no side effects.  My doctors have been tapering my medications because the AG and Feds want people off, even if it helps. And insurance does not want to pay anymore.  It makes me want to give up.  I'm so tired of been dictated as to what is best for me. 
They are so wrong!”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Using oxicodone 10/350 from Walgreens manufacturer Mallinckrodt was ok in April went to NJ used another drug store came back in July to Walgreens same manufacture but the drug has changed it  does not relieve pain anymore and causes me to itch all over. What did they add and remove from this drug believe me I'm not the only one complaining”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“Hi, It doesn't work at all I'm having so much pain it's unbearable ..”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Have been in ppm (pretend pain management) for 45 years. Have been on morphine twice daily and oxycodone 3 times a day for years. It needs to be increased. But like everyone else I am at the mercy of the dictatorship, Maximum dosage is achieved and according to the government my pain is under control and NO INCREASE IS ALLOWED. Dr suggested Xtampa because oxycontin was denied.
I started going thru withdrawal within 2 days. Pain increased severely and side effects horrid! My Dr put me back on the morphine and I am back to my normal. Although Dr swears its a good drug.
Look up how much kick back Drs make on prescriptions, sure they want you to try it go on something whether it works or not! Best of luck to all members of club pain!! In ratings I can't do -10 so here it is!”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I had failed back syndrome and then surgery to fuse my spine from neck to tailbone. Huge surgery that was supposed to help my quality of life. I have more pain after surgery and my mobility is severely limited for life. Before surgery I was on Oxycontin & oxycodone & I could at least have a life.  Then I was switched to Xtampza - this is not working. Politics see me as a drug seeker so I must take the most tamper-proof drug out there whether it relieves pain or not. Xtampza does not. I have gained 15 pounds since starting this med and my quality of life is pitiful. Prescribers are most concerned about MMEs (morphine mg equivalents) and not at all about our ADLs (activities of daily living). It looks like I am taking a huge amount of opioids while I can only absorb a fraction of the med because I cannot force myself to eat enough to get any relief. The last thing that back pain sufferers need is obesity.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“OxyContin is the best pain relief I have tried.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Dr. changed my Percocet to Xtampza ER, after refused non effective injections, my dose I'm taking  is 18mg times a day. I have had severe migraines, dizziness, nausea, sharp pains in side, itching real bad. Worst medication ever. Even took benedryl and Allegra doesn't help. Changed to 1 time a day still the same. Dr called in lower dosage but ignores the side effects.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“I am another patient to say Xtampza ER just sucks, it doesn't work. To get it to maybe work I gotta be a fat as with fatty hi cal foods? 7 spinal surgeries and 16 years on OxyContin and I was all good. It controlled the tingling nasty damaged nerve at the top of my butt crack that when it is firing is unbearable. I'm 64 year old pain patient suffering unbearably when the pain used to be under control”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was started on Xstamza ER in Jan  2020. CMS removed Oxycontin ER from the formulary in 2020 and switchwd to Xstamza ER mfg by Collegium. My pain group started me on 18 mg Xstamza vs the 20 mg Oxycontin ER. After three months told PM it was not working. She upped it to 27 mg Xstamza. I hit the coverage gap in May. I refuse to pay over $100+ for a drug that does very little so when I had my tele-healrh appt on Friday told hsr it really was doing little to help me and I refused to have it filled. Its just shy of being a worthless pain medication. Have heard from several the same thing.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Mallinckrodt 15mg IR oxycodone - I have needed to take Oxycodone for years treating chronic pain. After trying near all generics Activis brand always seemed most effective providing pain relief while not negatively effecting energy or attitude. Recently my pharmacy unfortunately switched to Mallinckrodt due supply issues. From personal experience along with comments from others they are not near as effective seeming to have a placebo effect. I have long felt some manufacturers have changed initial formulations thus altering its addictive nature and strength.  At any rate I am noticing less pain relief, more lethargy and  lack of motivation with extreme tiredness after taking IR Mallinckrodt. If others would like to share experiences please do as I am seeking viable solutions.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I find that Oxycodone is very effective for musculoskeletal pain, but, seems to exacerbate neuro pain.  It helps somewhat with a migraine spike.

Using it gives me an "active" headache (annoyance level, but, still unpleasant) (visualised with a wire cage of a ball on a column coming out from just in above the eyes, down to nose level.  The cage has been pulled from the sphere, and, is stretched out, and, is "outside" of the skull)”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have lupus, kidney failure, etc etc. and I was started on hydrocodone a few years ago but have recently been moved to oxycodone. 

CVS filled my prescription order of oxycodone from Amneal Pharmaceutical. 

I happened to have a random old bottle (from about a year ago) of oxycodone from Mallinckrodt. 

When I take 1/2 of one of the mallinckrodt Oxycodone pills, my pain subsides for 12 HOURS! ....12 hours....

When I take the Amneal oxycodone, my pain either worsens, or is better for about 30 mins and then a migraine starts and the pain resumes. 

I’m not taking this medication for fun. I am in serious, chronic pain. 10/10 pain. 

I’m not sure what certain pharmaceutical companies are doing in terms of putting fake products in these pills, or fillers, but something is not right and unfortunately it’s the disabled that suffer. As usual. ”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Take Tylenol don’t even waste your money no relief”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was put on Xtampza about a year ago due to current pain meds not working as well and amount of acetaminophen I was taking. This was the 7th medication the doctor wanted, the other 6 were denied by insurance, unfortunately. I cannot cook when I 1st get up and am nauseous for several hours but have to force fatty food down and force it to stay down, sometimes gagging, just to take this medication that barely works. My Vicodin works better but the PA won't up the amount of those and cancel the Xtampza, she swears by it. I wish she was forced to try it for 1-2 days, see how worthless it is. That's the only way it won't be prescribed by that person again. It just doesn't work.”2020Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This pain medicine was superior to the other oxycodone tablets by far.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I found this info. about this pain control med. not working to be accurate> I've been on Oxycodone for over 8 years and my pain has increased with time.   I started this with the idea of I will finally get some pain relief but it's nothing like what the PA told me it was.  It does not offer me extended pain relief but it does cause me not to sleep or if I do fall asleep. I have terrible nightmares, it's terrible on my stomach and I've tried taking it with many different foods and now I have this static sounding noise that is terrible.  I was only given enough for a few weeks to see if it helps but it doesn't and because I don't want to start on Fentanyl I'm going back to what I was taking because this is so much worse and still no pain relief.  Why is this even an option for chronic pain relief.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was on 4 x 5mg Oxycodone IR for my pain. After a year or so, I felt I needed an extra pill to cover me for 24hrs. Doctor switched me to OxyNeo 2x 10mgs every 12 hours plus 5mg of Oxycodone for breakthrough if needed. The first 2 days I felt great, Oxyneo took care of the pain and I did not feel drowsy or tired. However after the 3rd day, I started feeling very aggitated and angry after I took my oxyneo. I'm not sure what's going on. Has anyone reacted like this to long acting oxycodone? Too bad because I liked this long acting one but feeling angry all day is not worth it either.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This Xtampa is totally useless for pain management as it does not work. Rather I feel this drug was created to be big pharma's version of Kratum. In other words it was designed to dock in opioid receptors and stop withdrawal symptoms. But ineffective at removing pain. My personal experience was a  pharmacist putting a bug into my doctors ear and recommending this instead of the oxycodone I am used to taking without any negative side effects. Sadly after taking Xtampza it interacted with some food and it gave me burning diarrhea for 2 days! Not to mention the high frequency hiss in my head that felt like my brain was in the frying pan! I had to call the doctor and explain the reaction and he put through my usual drug and afterwards I went back to my normal self. Now a month later I understand why the recommendation as it costs $800 a bottle and its no wonder I was put through this nightmare for no good reason.”2020Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Oxaydo for over a Year & I'm very satisfied with how it works. I’m prescribed to take 3 pills a day. I take 2 at 1 time & another at bedtime. I have neuropathy & an auto immune disease. What I like best is that it doesn’t actually contain any type of aspirin which with this med as a maintenance pain reliever  that a very good thing because on this med you have less chances of having liver damage. It does not give you the ‘high’ that other pain meds give you but if you take for the right reason that shouldn’t be an issue.  I switched from Percocet to this medication because of the damage that the Percocet of long term use could cause.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My problems are like many that I've read on this site.  I take 20 mg. oxycodone (not oxycontin) x 4 daily.  It does enough so that I can have a life.  Still in pain, but as someone wrote, just tamping down the pain is all you can expect.  I just wonder why oxycodone worked when pure morphine did nothing for pain but going thru withdrawal from it was pure nightmare.  I have tried taking myself off oxycodone a few times because I feel ashamed about taking it, you know, can't just keep a stiff upper lip.  Withdrawal from oxycodone was a walk in the park.  How can you take a drug like morphine that has absolutely no effect while oxycodone does help some with fewer side effects.  It just doesn't make sense.  I have come to the conclusion that I am stuck on pain killers for the rest of my life and just don't talk about it.  Maybe they will develop a drug that kills the pain and doesn't cause addiction or dependence.  Why are we still taking drugs that haven't really changed in 60 years or so?”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Had spinal fusion surgery that left me with more pain than I had presurgery. I was burning through 10/325 Percocet so my pain management switched me to Xtampza 18mg. 1st night had such a bad nightmare I refused to go back to sleep.This med caused insomnia on some days or sleep with horrific dreams. As for pain it did manage my pain but I hope I am not required to be on it for a long amount of time. I mixed it  with 1 tablespoon of peanut butter and it seems to work well that way. It is also on the pricey side even with insurance.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I’ve been on Xtampza since January 2019. I have post laminectomy syndrome, spinal stenosis, Levoscoliosis, rheumatoid arthritis, facet joint arthrosis, DDD, and a few herniated discs in my C-spine and L-spine and I’m only 35. 
As with all medications, everyone’s body works different in regards to medicine. 
For me, Xtampza works great and I find that it covers my pain most of the time for a full 24 hours. Granted my pain does change with the weather. However, I have found that Xtampza works better than OxyContin for me.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My father is a 58 year-old Parkinson's disease sufferer with severe back and neck pain. He is 6'5 with a heavy/bulky build (not fat) and his weight was always around 250 lbs, now 300 since going on Xtampza. He had back and neck surgery (bone fusion) that only worsened his pain. He took Oxycontin 60mg 3X per day for years until 2018 when insurance forced his intake from 3X per day to 2X per day, later switched to Xtampza 27mg 4X per day (120 per month), which is the equivalent. He say's  Xtampza does NOT offer the same level of pain relief as his former medication (Oxycontin). Just because some people experience good results from it does not mean YOU will. Some people rated Xtampza highly and implied those who aren't getting good relief are just using it to get high or aren't using it as prescribed. This is insulting for anyone to even imply this, and doing so only further minimizes the pain and suffering people experience because of the industry's mishandling of their medication(s).”2020Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Been taking Percocet which is merely oxycodone with Tylenol. Doc just changed me to  dazidox (plain oxycodone). NOTHING. I called my pharmacy and said WTH. Are you giving me a placebo?  Pharmacist suggested I take a Tylenol with each dose of dazidox. I’m taking 10 mg. Was taking 7.5 of Percocet. If the corona virus doesn’t get me, this DO NOTHING DRUG will.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I'm a veteran and I've been prescribed the same 15mg green oxycodone for almost 9 years since my accident in the marines. Recently was given a different kind of 15 mg oxycodone that I have never seen before, U23 by aurolife As a chronic pain patient I have to use every single pill in my prescription exactly as its prescribed. And this u23 pill is terrible, I've had several different manufacturers over the years, some better than others in treating pain but they always worked. I told my doctor the pharmacist and the veteran service pharmacist office how bad this med is. “sorry but procurements of manufacturer’s not my job” I did research and aurolife sells cheaper, less effective meds. Chronic pain patients have to ration their medication to the protocol, inferior pills ruin quality of life Aurolife makes terrible products/several lawsuits and has issues with the FDA yet the VA pharmacy purchaser only uses them now, putting millions of veterans in pain at risk and added stress.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I am legally disabled!!! I've been going to the same Pharmacy for years and always get the activist 30 milligram oxycodone. And then about 3 weeks ago they gave me the white Rhodes brand. No pain relief at all, got me nauseous and felt like I was going to throw up, and a constant headaches. Thank goodness I only got a seven-day Supply. So now I'm going to another Pharmacy. The pharmacist is ordering me the 30 mg Mallinckrodt brand. To me the Mallinckrodt brand are the best ones. But my insurance isn't covering them. And I'm paying $105 a week 35 pills. I don't know what else to do because I can't afford this for much longer!!! The rating bar I'm putting a 10 because I'm talking about the Mallinckrodt brand”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Oxycodone for several years for chronic back pain. The ones I recently got from CVS in Niles, OH made by Rhodes Pharma is not what it says it is.
I'm in severe pain and having withdrawal symptoms for more than a week of using it vs other brands. I am miserable! AVOID this manufacturer.
If you Google Rhodes Pharma you'll see there are others with the same complaint.
I'm contacting the FDA, CVS, and Rhodes to file a complaint.
Insurance pricing on this cheap drug is 95.00 -195.00 but I use Good RX Gold and pay 28.00 for 150 tablets”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have taken the yellow round Percocet 10s for years,  I  switched drugstores this month and was given these oblong white ones which give me absolutely no relief, never have I been able so quickly to tell that this is some kind of cheap knock off drug.  I'm turning them into my doctor on Monday and go back to my round yellow ones.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“RHODES OXYCODONE 30MG ARE A BUST!!! What is this rubbish?? I've been on pain meds for about 10 years, once before got rubbish brand Aurobindo oxycodone. I always make sure I don't get those but now RHODES brand  is rubbish too!! I feel like my head is buzzing, feeling fuzzy, my ears are ringing and my tongue feels numb. Pain seems controlled so far but whatever fillers are in here are bad!! Now a second brand to avoid!! Hoping to make it through the month without any worse side effects. These are absolute garbage..does the FDA even pay attention to what these manufacturers are putting out there??? I took them a few months back didn't really have any issues that I recall. This time around I feel horrible!! I can't afford to miss work because I feel like rubbish so this junk I'm taking better get me through. Bottom line RHODES brand oxycodone is pure rubbish!! Avoid it at all costs”2020For Chronic Pain:		“KVK Tech Oxycodone is absolutely Terrible. There is No Pain Relief at all and furthermore I have been experiencing withdrawal symptoms like I have forgotten to take my medication despite taking it at the times I normally do each day. I have Chills, Restless Legs, Diarrhea, I can't sleep, and pain is out of control. I see now this KVK Tech has been Reprimanded by FDA as of February 2020 as they have found them to be totally out of compliance. Why has their Oxycodone not been recalled as of yet? I would seriously like to know what percentage of active ingredient is actually in these pills or if it is in fact a placebo. FDA needs to do more to protect patients against getting medication that is Not in Compliance with FDA Standards. I am stuck with these placebo pills and cannot return to Pharmacy. It's unacceptable.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have been using oxycodone for bad chronic pain for many years. I was given this manufacturers brand and was not able to get much relief, walked around in a fog, just not the same at all. Waste of money and in terrible pain!”2020For Chronic Pain:		“My pharmacy also switched to Rhodes oxycodone I had taken the same dosage for years, with excellent pain relief. Then after the brand switch I couldn’t understand why I was constantly sick with no pain relief and developed rashes all over also severe headaches. I was never told anything about taking it with fatty foods. That’s completely absurd!!! I too cannot eat when I’m in pain. Rhodes pharmaceutical should be out of business absolutely no pain relief and terrible side effects. I guess us legitimate pain sufferers, who never abuse or sell our pain medicine, need to start using heroin to  get help with pain relief as the government seems to think they deserve a “ GOOD QUALITY OF LIFE “ but we don’t. It’s so frustrating and infuriating!!”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I’m a registered nurse and home care in 2013 my car spun out and I had numerous injuries including a Trumatic brain injury, three fractured vertebrae, lacerated spleen, and three broken ribs. Since 2013 open till 2019 I had chronic pain day in day out around the clock even when I took Tylenol. One day I went to my doctor in tears because I try taking a night class but the driving and sitting in my car cause me too much pain. So she suggested I go to a pain center for treatment. Lo and behold I was prescribed 10 mg of oxycodone three times a day which I’ve been taking for over a year now and I wake up in the morning I take my medication I have level one pain which is basically not much.”2020Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“It doesn't do anything for pain I have had 2 surgeries acl and mcl tear now I have bone on bone I need a knee replacement but I'm 2 young I have 4 orthopedic doc tell me to wait 10 more yrs so now I have to be in pain this is the meds I have to take 3 a day they do nothing”2020For Chronic Pain:		“The Larger issues with Generic Pain Medication is two fold;  1) The FDA does NOT have a Standard to measure the Generic Oxycodone performance as there was NEVER a Brand name to set the standard.  The FDA cannot test because there is no STANDARD or Baseline Minimums for comparative analysis and;
2) The FDA Rules on the initial approval on a Generic Medication DO NOT REQUIRE ANY HARD RULE FOR MINIMUM AMOUNT OF EFFECTIVE INGREDIENT AND does NOT require FDA TESTING.  
1) IMMEDIATELY REPORT THIS TO YOUR TREATING PHYSICIAN.  IF IN A HOSPITAL, YOU, AND ONLY YOU HAVE TO AGREE TO BE DISCHARGED FROM CARE.  A DOCTOR OR HOSPITAL CANNOT FORCE YOU TO BE DISCHARGED, (or its considered abandonment of Patient Care) AND;
2) FILE A REPORT OF ADVERSE EFFECTS OF THE MEDICATION WITH THE FDA IMMEDIATELY.  You can report an issue with a Medication to the FDA online  by googleing MedWatch Online Voluntary Reporting Form

or via telephone at: Call FDA at 1-800-FDA-1088.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Recent 15mg oxycodone Mallinckrodt ineffective. Only makes me sleepy with minimal pain relief. I think the days of getting opioids that worked are over. I am very upset by this. WE HAVE TO SPEAK UP TO OUR PROVIDERS and file reports with the FDA. Scroll down, there are reviews below that list where to file your complaint if your medication isn’t working. We all must take the time in which to do so.”2020OxyContin (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“My quality of life, after taking this drug,   is so much better.  I have had multiple surgeries on my back, and horrible arthritis this drug works wonders.”2020Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I started going to a pain clinic for 2 months now for chronic pain in my lower back, hips, neck & headache. I also have fibromyalgia. They first started me on the 5mg of this Oxaydo, along with a film called Belbuca & Gabapentin. I told my dr I felt like the pills did not work as well as the old percocet. She upped me to 7.5 & increased the film to 300. I'm still in an extreme amount of pain & I've tried taking 2 of the pills but still, no relief. I feel like it's a dummy pill to make you think you're take a pain pill! My next visit she gotta change something. Over $1000 & no relief!!! What's really going on with this Oxaydo???”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I noticed that I am still in significant pain after taking the usual oxycodone dose. My pharmacy now uses Amneal Pharm, what is up with these pills? They are so weak. I’m trying really hard to not take more than prescribed. Anyone else have a similar experience with Amneal?

Hawkins”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was started on this because my insurance wouldn't cover my previous long acting med. I was very leery as the others don't really last 12 hours and breakthrough meds are a thing of the past. But I'm pleasantly surprised. I does have a longer duration and it seems to work more like the other ER was supposed to.”2020Endocodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Picked up prescription and was give Rhodes pharmaceutical oxycodone  10 mg and it is not the same I feel like I’m walking in a fog and my pain level is the same”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Just started xtampza because of insurance demands. I’d been on OxyContin 20 years for chronic back pain and fractures. Xtampza is not doing the job. I’m having horrific nightmares and racing heart. The pain relief is minimal. I’m going back to OxyContin even if I have to pay total price without insurance.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Pain:		“This medicine does absolutely nothing for pain I tried taking it with fatty foods didn’t work.  Depression set in so I stopped taking this 600month drug.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was skeptical at first as just have been on pain medication for almost 11 years and am new to Xtampza 36. I’m very delighted for longer acting medication.”2020For Pain:		“I just had surgery 
Friday for an ectopic pregnancy,  I was prescribed 2 of these oxycodone pills before I left the hospital and denied anything for pain besides tylenol at home. I went back to the hospital after 12 hour because I tried it their way with just tylenol and the pain became unbearable, I waited 2 hours in the ER with horrible pain from surgery. Finally I was prescribed some morphine and then when they released me I was prescribed 13 of these oxycodone pills. 1 every 6 hrs for 2 days and then 1 every 12 hrs until I run out. They work mostly on taking the edge off but do not help me move or anything like a percocet did with my first surgery. I hate this opioid crisis because we have to suffer because of all the drug addicts.   I was denied pain pills after a major surgery in nc. Because of all of the addicts.  I am highly upset because my pain will not just go away after 13 of these pills and I am not allowed a refill or anything.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Please report any problems  with any prescription medication, medical equipment, over the counter medicine pretty much anything to do with the FDA. 
I'd advise all of you that are having problems with a specific medicine or manufacture to please fill out the form and let them know. If we (the people) don't tell them, they're blind to what's going on. It's our medicine, it's our bodies. We are all different. Google 'MedWatch Online Voluntary Reporting Form' . and then click on 'MedWatch Forms for Patients and Consumers'
”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Started this medicine three weeks ago and it doesn’t help much at all for pain. Don’t do well with capsules so open it up and put contents on yogurt to consume. For breakthrough pain,  dropped from 30mg oxycodone to smaller quantity of 15mg and that hasn’t worked either. Now, constant pain level worse than ever. 
Worse, three of the capsules were empty.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“So, my doctor thinks Xtampza ER is the safest choice? Even though plasma levels are hugely dependent on high fat food. I think this drug is dangerous. 
Give me plan old, cheap, generic, oxycodone any day.
Every day since being switched to Xtampza has been agonizing.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I beg the makers Xtampza ER to consider reconstructing this drug so that it can be taken normally (with or without food).
It is difficult to eat a high fat meal when one is in pain. Because of Xtampza dependance on high fat food, it is quite inconsistent in the pain relief it delivers.  I have done the same foods, in the same amount, at the same times and have experienced quite different results.   Many of us are putting on excessive weight and also many are experiencing HBP issues while only getting pain relief about half of the time!  I do like Xtampza when it works.  It is fantastic when it delivers but a good 50% of the time, it does not deliver.  I wish I could say I have found a full proof way to manage this med and ensure its consistency in relieving my pain.  I have not.  Please listen to your customers.  I feel, as many do, extremely disappointed. Thank you for your time and consideration.  I hope somebody at Collegium Pharmaceutical, Inc will listen.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“KVK Tech immediate release Oxycodone does not work at all. After spending a horrific month in serious withdrawal and out of control pain I started researching to find why this medication was not working. I found that in November 2017 KVK Tech changed formula of IR Oxycodone to an "Abuse Deterrent" version that literally rendered the medication useless. The active ingredient is not being delivered once in the body due to the abuse deterrent properties. It's absolute garbage no better than a sugar pill. Once again they cater to addicts while legitimate pain suffers pay the price.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was forced off Oxycontin by my insurance plan and placed on Xtampza and it definitely does not work for my pain as well as oxycontin. I was told they are supposed to be the same medication except for one is tablet and one is capsule, but they are not as far as I (my body) is concerned. Also because this drug is so expensive the pharmacy does not even carry it, I am supposed to call a week or so in advance to make sure they can try to get it shipped in so now I'm facing possible issues of not being able to get my meds when they are due to be filled. This is causing all types of issues and hoops for me to jump through just to get my prescriptions.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I wish they would consider making  a type of xtampza  where you do not have to eat a high-fat meal with it.  It just does not always work the same as other times.  Sometimes you do not want to eat when you are in pain.  I feel we are disrespected by making the pill where it is assumed we will not take it responsibly.  Its pain relief is inconsistent.  Sometimes it works well for me and sometimes it does not.  Please make this medication to where you can take with water and not have to get up at 4 am and figure out the correct thing to eat so it will work.  This is ridiculous.  Shame on treating people in pain like we are drug addicts.  It is unfortunate.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was on oxycontin for 15 plus years and I went to fill my prescription and the insurance company cut me off. After a week of awfulness I got my new medication Xtampza.  I've only been on it for 4 days and it's been the worst. I was fine on oxycontin except for constipation and I had that figured out.  I take my Xtampza and about 30 minutes later I feel like I am the end of my life. I'm so depressed and crying then about 1 to 2 hours later the depression is gone.  I hope this is not going to continue or else I need something else for pain. I  feel like I have the flu and other issues . I'm not sure if it's the Xtampza or results from stopping the oxycontin. I don't  understand why the honest sick old people get screwed because these drug addicts are abusing drugs. This opioid war is hurting good people that need pain relief.  The addicts will just find another way to abuse the system.”2020For Pain:		“Everything was fine for years till the VA sent me 15MG oxy's (oxycodone) made by Rhodes Pharma's. I have been in hospital 2 times since. The pain is off the charts I am unable to sleep only up all night screaming out in pain. A kidney stone was nothing to this new pain and I am waiting for Monday am. to call my doctor and my legs are covered in hives and the only thing I took was Rhodes 15MG Oxycodone and have also had bad stomach pains as well. Get Rhodes Investigated and get there poison off the shelves.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“After many years of being on oxycontin I was suddenly unable to receive it any longer because my insurance company would no longer cover . I was on 180 mg to nothing overnight. It took 10 days for my insurance company and my doctors to come up with xtampza this medicine does not work. I have H -EDS. Rare and debilitating illness. 7 out of 10 on the Pain Scale daily. Now this xtampza the pain has even increased more. Chronic pain patients opiate patients get treated totally different. Chronic pain you fight constantly with doctors and insurance companies opiate addicts get free needles free Narcan and a chance to get on methadone. What is our recourse? It's time for us to start screaming. Contact your senators your house of Representatives , local mayor's, news shows and anyone who will listen to US!”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Since this so called “ OPIOID CRISIS “ started it has  affected all of we Chronic Pain Sufferers. I’ve been on many different generic Oxycodone medications. Before I did my research and realized we were getting nothing but PLACEBOS, my Psychiatrist ( pain management) Dr. increased  my dosage twice to 20 mg, up to six times/ day, without relief . He knows what we are all dealing with and he’s appalled at what is going on as well, as many of my other Dr.’s. There is no or little pain relief ingredients in this garbage, they’re mostly nothing but fillers. There are two that have caused me horrible side effects!!! The latest one is made is oxycodone  AMNEAL PHARM. This generic causes horrible gastrointestinal side effects; vomiting, excruciating pains and diarrhea. I didn’t notice they had changed my medication because it looked the same as the Oxycodone I was getting from KVK - Tech Pharm, until these symptoms occurred. Has anyone else used this generic from Amneal Pharm??? What is in it?”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Please report your experience with Rhodes Pharmaceuticals to the FDA Medwatch.  Google "MedWatch Forms for FDA Safety Reporting" and fill out the online form 3500B for consumers.

These pills are ineffective and causing many people unwanted side effects. I am just wondering what is in these pills. From the time my pharmacy switched from Aurobindo oxycodone (was taking for about 8 months) to Rhodes oxycodone, there was an immediate difference in the two pills. The Rhodes oxycodone does nothing except make me feel weird for several hours and little to no pain relief. Pain management doctor increased dose and it's actually even worse pain relief at 10-325 than  the lower dose of 7.5-325. Found I had one left of Aurobindo oxycodone and took that to compare. Had prompt relief and lasted for 6 hrs without weird side effects. The Rhodes manufacturer needs to be investigated ASAP! Please FDA, get on this now!”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Have been on the 30, 15 and 10mg strengths of generic Roxicodone (oxycodone HCl) and the worst brand, by far, are manufactured by Rhodes. My pharmacy special orders the KVK brand for me, as I’ve found these to be the most consistently strong and well made generics. Excellent quality control. I’ve also taken the Actavis and Mallinckrodt  brands in the past, and both were okay, but for the best pain relief nothing comes close to KVK. Stay far, far away from Rhodes unless you’re looking for a placebo with terrible GI side effects. Almost as lousy are any product made by  Camber Pharmaceuticals.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Opioid medications in general are ineffective for pain now. I have taken Oxycodone for 20 years never had an issue with effectiveness until the Opioid Crisis started. There is no medication (active ingredient) in the pills anymore. It's so ineffective its literally equal to taking a placebo. They have changed the formulation and amount of active ingredient being put in these pills and they are complete useless garbage now. They don't work at all. What are people supposed to do? You just don't get  any pain relief the amount of actual medication is so low. This is wrong. Why is nothing being done about this? How can we get these tablets independently tested?”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Has anyone noticed a recent effectiveness change in the Mallinckrodt 5/325 tablets? I have been taking this medication max 2 per day for several years but my most recent two scripts (one every 2 months) do not seem like the same formula at all. This is the pill with the 512 on it.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I was taking  kvk tech brand oxycodone 10mg over a year and it works fine for me but my recently my Pharmacy have switched over to Rhodes brand which is RP 10. Let me tell you this is the worst brand I’ve taken. It causes  awful stomach pain , sore throats, depression, headache. Doesn’t help with my pain. Anyone else have this problem? I will report it to FDA , pharmacy and call my doctor about it.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Like many others I was forced off my 20 mg OxyContin ER twice a day by my insurance company that I was on for 10 years with no issues except constipation. My doctor switched me to Xampta ER and this medicine sucks! It doesn't control my pain, makes me feel generally unwell, woozy, nauseous. I even took it with a high fat high calorie "meal" of peanut butter and crackers as I heard that helps absorption. I'm sick to death of us pain patients fighting for our rights to medication that works for us! This new abuse deterrent Xtampza is useless for addicts AND useless for chronic pain patients! They design these meds with addicts in mind, not caring if they even do their intended job. I've had chronic pain since I was in my mid 20's due to Ehler's-Danlos Syndrome and Fibromyalgia and I'm 39 years old now and I just cannot believe I am forced to live the rest of my life this way. What a waste”2020Dazidox (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I’ve been taking generic 15mg Roxicodone  for a long time after chronic back pain and surgery. Then the doctor added 20mg oxycodone generic for Dazidox. I called the pharmacy to see if
the generic was immediate release or extended release for this and they said Immediate release. But I get far less results taking this than I do the 15mg generic for oxycodone. Anybody have the same results I do? The 20mg are far less effective than the 15mg. Thanks for any responses. I hope nobody is in the same pain I’m in.  I can’t go on living in this kind of pain. I thought the 20mg and the 15mg together would solve my pain issue, but it hasn’t  Thanks to anybody who is reading this and might have an opinion or help.”2020Oxaydo (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This is good effective pain relief. The only thing I don't like is the huge cost. I feel guilty for my health plan to have to shell out over a thousand dollars a month just to have the fillers added to oxycodone. I take cellulose fiber daily and never have constipation. I would never sell or abuse my medicine. I am so grateful for the pain relief.  There are NO SIDE EFFECTS. I have a sensitive stomach. They DO NOT GET ME HIGH.  I just wish Oxaydo was cheaper. The price we pay so someone in the streets can abuse.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Oxycodone for about 3 years. Then one day my new prescription didn't work. It was Rhodes brand and they had obviously changed the formula. I was able to find a small pharmacy with older stock and they worked fine but the pharmacy went out of business so I was back to newer Rhodes  oxycodone pills. After a couple if months I got used to them, but then the pharmacy switched to Amneal oxycodone brand. They are far less potent than even the Rhodes brand. Now I'm going through withdrawals, even though I took 2. How do these pharmaceutical companies get away with selling these substandard medications?”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“This has to be taken with a fatty, high calorie meal for it to work correctly and anyone in pain knows that eating is the last thing you want to do. I’m force feeding myself, gained 13 pounds in two weeks. 
Xtampza making me have uncontrollable diarrhea and gas that I  haven’t left home since I started it for fear I would poop myself in public.  I get no warning, it just comes out as if I’ve lost control of my bowels. I’ve noticed a few UNDIGESTED pill capsule shells as well.
The nightmares !Last night I was being chased by my mothers ex husband with a shot gun . I don’t know what happened but I do know that’s not normal. 
Overall this is a horrible medication! 
It doesn’t work, makes you rapidly gain weight, hurts your tummy, makes you poop your pants, can’t digest the shells and gives you nightmares....yeah I’m good...just give me back the meds that work already!”2020For Chronic Pain:		“After reading a TON of posts about how this brand or that brand of Oxycodone is NOT effective and not working anymore I feel the need to comment on this. I too am in the same exact boat as everyone else...I wonder if it is due to the DEA Forcing ALL manufacturers to reduce the amount of active ingredient (Oxycodone) being put in ALL Opioid medications no matter what brand they are. All manufacturers are under the same strict orders by the DEA. This is all due to the ongoing "Opioid Crisis" If you think back Oxycodone started losing its potency and effectiveness around the same time a few years ago when the Opioid Crisis became mainstream in media news. The DEA did this quietly on an "Internal Memo" to every manufacturer and it was never to be released to the public and never will be. This has caused a lot of harm, pain, suffering. File complaints with FDA until then nothing will be done to change this.”2020Roxicodone (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking this med for along time starting out with the 10s now on the 20s they are 2 strong  so I now take the 15s with a 500 mg of tylonal and that help the best you have to just peak it and find what helps you the best”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I was taking 10 mgs of Rhodes brand and voluntarily switched to 5 to try to cut down on meds. I am tired of being treated like a criminal. I would rather be at home suffering than the way I have been treated by Costco pharmacy. The 5's were switched to the KVK tech brand, they are as useless to me as boobs on a bull. Trying to find the Rhodes brand to have a new script sent in was awful, pharmacists calling me all kinds of things. When will people wake up and see that some people have a lifetime of real legit pain from real life.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on 10mg of oxycodone up to 6 a day for pain and the pharmacy this month switched me to a brand without notifying me. They were a different color or name brand cause I have a lot of allergies well. I received the brand rhodes. Well within 4 days I was doubled over in such stomach pain and in back pain. It didn't matter how many I took, they didn't do a damn thing for you.  I am sure there is nothing in these for pain. The rhodes brand oxycodone   should be off the market. I notified my dr office he didn't do anything about it. I got on my phone with my insurance company and within 4 hours they were switched back over to KVK-Tech, which I still don't feel are the same as they used to be. I am going to have go up to 15mg whether I like or not. They're not making them strong enough how sad this is”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“Stay away from this drug!!
I was prescribed 18 mg of Xtampza twice a day by my pain management doctor in hopes of it replacing a drug that my prescription insurance would no longer cover. The company that developed this drug did so during the Opioid Crisis to deter addicts from “getting high!” You can ingest this drug. It says so right on the instructions!
Xtampza ER is hydrocodone/Percocet based and only lasts 3 to 4 hours at the most! It also destroys the stomach causing severe nausea and vomiting! Plus it is super expensive!! 
Save your money!! Trust me!! One of the worst Opioids out there for chronic pain patients!!”2020For Pain:		“This medication oxycodone was prescribed by my Dr for kidney stone pain. The Manufacturer is Rhodes Pharmaceuticals. I do not have the full amount of pain relief that I would expect to have. I feel that I was given a placebo. I believe there is too much of a filler in this medication.”2020Xtampza ER (oxycodone) for Chronic Pain:		“I was on Fentanyl 50mcg/per hr changing the patch every 48hrs before asking to be switched to MS Contin 60mgs/TID and that stopped working after over 3 years of being on the same dosage, finally my doctor suggested I switch to Xtampza ER 36mg/BID. Once I switched to Xtampza ER my pain not only increased but my breakthrough medications had to be increased to Roxicodone 30mg every 4-6hrsPRN. Finally after 3 months on Xtampza my doctor put me back on Exalgo 16mg/24hr and left me on the Roxicodone 30mg every 4-6hrsPRN but I hardly have to use more than 3 of those per day and am no longer suffering any pain.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have fibromyalgia, restless leg syndrome, chronic pain syndrome, I have to get my right knee replaced and both hips replaced. I have been on oxy 60 mg for at least twenty years and I noticed now my med has changed. Before it had a 60 one side of pill and oxy on the other side. Now it’s different colour smaller and one side is APO and other side ocd.  My dr. Says they are 20 percent less.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I've broken my neck 3 times. I am fused from C2- T2 and I'm having adjacent level issues so I'm having trouble walking. Oxycodone allows me to get off the couch and get on with my life. All the side effects have been gone for a long time, including any "high" I ever got. Unfortunately, due to the abuse problem in the U.S. it's gotten harder me to get my scripts filled. I take the meds exactly as prescribed and lowered my dosage, yet I sometimes get a hard time from pharmacists and pharmacies are often out of the medicine. Instead of focusing on those who take the medicine responsibly, maybe the government should go after illegal drug dealers and smugglers bringing in Heroin and Fentanyl from China and Mexico and focus on abusers.”2020