For Pain:		“This did nothing for my pain. It only have me a headache, adding to my pain.”2014For Back Pain:		“2002 fell injured my lower back. Tried 
a bunch of different meds, and just made me gaga and same pain. Then after a plea to my dr. He wanted to do something different. We tried 2, tramadol & Robaxin. To my surprise
no back pain and no more gaga.”2014For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've suffered restless legs syndrome since 2nd grade. It is a miserable affliction. I am now 51 and I experience it in my legs, arms and back as restlessness and pain starting after 7pm. Initially was on ropinirole, pramipexole for a few years. Those pills made me feel sleepy until 3 am at which time I'd wake up. A sleep specialist now has me on 1200mg of gabapentin and 50mg tramadol. For me, this combination works great. It relieves 100% of the restlessness and 90% of the pain and other uncomfortable sensations.  
I've been able to fall asleep with this medicine combination. Glad it's available!”2014For Back Pain:		“I  have fibromyalgia and severe arthritis in my back.  Woke up in so much pain today and I don't have time for that because I have to attend a Christmas Party.  I took 600 mg of Motrin and an Ultram.  Had no idea Ultram could help with back!  I had a 12 on a scale of 1-10 for pain. Thank you makers of Ultram - I can go to my husband's Christmas Party now!”2014For Depression:		“I have run through the entire wringer on SSRI's, an MAOI, and an SNRI. Lexapro in combination with low dose tramadol has been the most effective duo for me. Low dose 100mg once daily tramadol, with intermittent 'breaks' (from acclimation to the medicine) has worked well for me over the past 5-6 years in mood stability, energy, motivation, and concentration with no euphoric effects. All of these are very important in my line of work. I do think that an XR formulation might be more useful in stabilizing plasma concentrations and perhaps mitigate some issues with medicine resistance and tendencies to take higher doses (not a good idea). At any rate, use should be monitored. ”2014For Back Pain:		“I've been taking this for over six months, and I notice nothing.  No results when I don't take it, no results when I do.  It's like a placebo... only worse, because a placebo at least gives you the emotional result of taking something.”2014For Depression:		“After hurting my back, hips and developing sciatica from lifting people in hospitals/nursing homes/rehab/homecare, I was given Ultram for the excruciating pain.  It worked wonderfully without the dopiness associated with narcotics.  I had also suffered from depression since I was a child and had been through numerous meds that didn't work, or made my life even worse.  Tramadol is the only med that I have taken that has successfully treated both my chronic pain as well as my depression, allowing the sun to shine in my life.”2014For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I tried everything to stop this rls and nothing worked. I would be up all night moving my legs up and down and then it started moving to my torso and I could not take it no more being up. I was finally given tramadol for my back issues but found it worked to quiet my rls.  I only get 50 mg and I live normally now with it. I can't tell you of the sleepless nights I have had without it. I only take one in the morning and one in the evening. It lasts for me but sometimes it doesn't for real long periods of time. I would rather take tramadol then gabenton that is horrible!  I also have nerve damage from my diabetes and it also relieves that pain needles too. Thank god for this to regain my life back.”2014For Pain:		“Became very sick from Tramadol.”2014For Pain:		“Just got tramadol for pain due to a sprained ankle, works great for pain, but a few hrs after taking my 50mg dose, I get a mild headache, also makes me tired, and hard to concentrate, and my arms and legs seem to weigh tons”2014For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had restless legs syndrome for over a decade varying from mild, moderate to quite severe at times. After being prescribed Prozac I found that it helped the depression but made the restless legs syndrome worse.  After falling and cracking my ribs I was prescribed 100mg Tramadol twice daily. It was excellent for pain relief, RLS completely disappeared and I got a good night's sleep. I stopped the Tramadol after 2 weeks and experienced flu like withdrawal symptoms and RLS returned with a vengeance. Internet info is that Prozac can affect restless legs syndrome and taken with Tramadol can cause serotonin syndrome. I contacted doctor and requested lower dose Tramadol to wean myself off. I am still taking  one 50mg at 4pm, any later and the RLS kicks in and is harder to control.”2014For Pain:		“It made me sick,throwing up head ache constantly..burning in throat upon swallowing.....with bm issuies”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Did not make any difference to my pain.”2014For Depression:		“SAVED MY LIFE!!!

I was struggling with anxiety, depression, PTSD from a particularly rough teenhood, and motivation for years. I could never get out of bed in the morning, or get anything started (especially completing something). I also used to get traumatic night terrors.

Tramadol changed everything. Every day I leap out of bed at 6am, bounding with energy and motivation. I got my dream job, worked so well that I got promoted to a Senior position within 2 months of starting, and was able to earn enough to move into an even bigger house than what I used to live in.

Also have had zero negative side effects! No messing with weight, libido, and no "crashing" or depressive lows when coming off it. 11/10 for treating depression!”2014For Back Pain:		“I  had severe constipation using tramadol once before so I'am using a stool softener this time. I't works great for pain and moods”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I've been on tramidol for 5 years and I have 3 crushed vertebra' s and it works great when I comes to relaxing me enough to get out and do things I normally can't do without them....”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I'm so thankful for tramadol. It takes away my chronic low back, jaw and stomach pain completely away and I'm able to finally live a normal and active pain free life again. It also helps with my depression and anxiety which is very much appreciated added bonus. I just take 50 mg twice a day and works great. I'm very happy with this medication.”2014For Anxiety:		“I'm 20 and have a combination of anxiety, mild depression, and TMJ pain. For anxiety I tried Zoloft, Xanax, Klonopin, etc. Zoloft did nothing, and while the others worked, I couldn't use them long term. Tramadol is the miracle, road-runner medication. It covers all of my conditions and covers them great. It eases my jaw pain for 4-5 hrs and my mood/anxiety is pretty much nonexistant. I also have 0 side effects and don't find it addictive. Tramadol gave me my life back and will continue to! 10 star medication!”2014For Chronic Pain:		“Medication found to cause frequent erratic cardiac rhythms, frequent urinary
urgency, difficulty swallowing.”2014For Pain:		“For relieving pain especially after a surgery like TKR, I found Tramadol very useful. However, as this medicine causes severe constipation, you should be careful in using it continuously. I am taking 50 mg only at nights, and trying to control pain with an NSAID during day time.”2014For Anxiety:		“All I have to say about Tramadol is WOW. I'm 19 and have had mild depression associated with anxiety, as well as hyperhidrosis (excessive sweating). I've tried Zoloft and Lexapro for my depression/anxiety, and also have used Benzodiazepines (Xanax, Klonopin) in the past. The antidepressants did nothing, and in fact made my symptoms worse. Although Xanax and Klonopin helped, they tended to make my moods shift up and down. Tramadol works AMAZINGLY for ALL of the above conditions! I take 50-100 mg and my mood is lifted, I feel steadily relaxed all day, focused, motivated. My underarm sweating is completely gone, and I feel like I'm getting my life back. it also works great for moderate pain. No side effects! It's a miracle medicine.”2014For Pain:		“Following 4 years of neck pain my neurologist finally prescribed tramadol, pain relief is so nice. I can enjoy my life again.”2014For Depression:		“Have taken tramadol in the past. It literally saved my life when I was going through severe depression while slowly recovering from a traumatic injury. My doctor at the time put me on a light dose of tramadol to help with my somber mood. I was alive again. Nowadays, its virtually impossible to get any doctor to prescribe this. I've tried multiple anti-depressants over the last several years and they do nothing for me. Tramadol's the best--for me at least.”2014Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Severe leg cramps in both calves- tingling in both feet”2014For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've been suffering with restless leg syndrome for years and the older I get the worse the symptoms are.  My doctor prescribed tramadol when I hurt my back and discovered that my legs stopped hurting completely for the first time in years! I have tried endless medications and the only thing I got were terrible side effects and no leg relief.  I have absolutely no side effects with tramadol and I can sleep pain free all night!”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain due to trauma injuries to my shoulder and elbow (implant). I also have moderate - severe back pain due to spondylothesis. I have had these problems for 5 to 10 years. I was taking oxycodone 15 mg every 4 to 6 hours and that managed my pain pretty well, reducing it from an 8/10 down to 0/10 to 3/10 depending on whether I took the medication before the pain got too intense.

I was then switched to Tramadol 50 for a holiday from the opioid. The Tramadol did not provide ANY pain relief. 

I did experience the brain zaps that can be common with SNRI medication and that was after only 11 days (they become more frequent and intense with increased dose and period). I discontinued Tramadol after 13 days.”2014For Anxiety:		“I recently was diagnosed with BPD. I have suffered from depression, fear of abandonment, and suicidal idiologies since I was a teenager. Last October I had a total left knee replacement. The surgeon put me on tramadol up to 8 a day. I never took that many but I did notice a change in my mood and depression. While not a panacea, tramadol (50mg) 2x a day has made a significant improvement in my symptoms especially since I am going through a breakup with my significant other.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Around the same time this year I have had a baby and shoulder surgery for osteoarthritis. Hence, I suffered from both shoulder pain AND post-partum depression. Percocet didn't stop the pain and Zoloft made me feel worse. My doctor prescribed Ultram and it is now my miracle pill! It helps with both issues. It allows me to be a normal functioning mom. I love how it helps my mood and physical pain!”2014For Pain:		“Does not work for me at all. If I increase dosage it just makes me feel weird and lightheaded and a little bit dizzy.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“This medicine works wonders on Fibromyalgia. Especially the burning nerve pain and nagging throbbing pain.”2014For Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for four years, it works for me! Sometimes I want to get off tramadol, not because it doesn't work, but because I don't want to have a medicine at all. On the other hand I came to the conclusion I need to support my family; and tramadol does not upset my stomach, I was diagnosed with sciatica, a tear and tendonitis, very painful. Tramadol doesn't take away completely my pain, but I can work without side effects for me. I was on Mobic, it is good, but unfortunately it affects my stomach, it makes me constipated.
So I am going to stay with one medication until there is a better one, so far tramadol is the winner for me!”2014For Pain:		“My doctor placed me on this medication due to severe chest pain, from the moment I took this medication I've had all the Severe side effects you could have with tramadol. All and all this medication didn't work wonders for me.”2014For Anxiety:		“Tramadol isn't too good for pain (although that's what it's indicated for), instead I find it to be a decent anxiolytic & anti-depressant. To fully appreciate tramadol though you need to understand the medicine. The first 3 hours gives a 'mental lift', cheerful and fear-free, then, after that, tramadol's opioid metabolite takes over - rendering one very calm and (often) sleepy. It's at this 3-4 hour 'second stage' where you can sleep quite good on tramadol. But again, to summarize, you need to take tramadol for a couple days straight in order to fully appreciate the way it behaves. An acquired taste.”2014For Back Pain:		“Didn't notice at first but over time definitely saw an improvement with back pain.”2014For Opiate Withdrawal:		“Tramadol is a controlled narcotic as of August 2014. It's metabolite is an opiate-receptor activator, stronger than codeine. It takes a couple of hours before tramadol is converted to that metabolite by the liver. Tramadol itself possesses an immediate 'uplifting' anti-depressant effect in addition to it's opioid metabolite.

Therefore, tramadol eliminates the deep mental depression and strong cravings that comes with opiate withdrawal. Many people wind up falling in love with the tramadol instead. However, it's best to 'ease into' tramadol doses while lowering the dose of your opiate of abuse. Immediate substitution using a high dose of tramadol may be uncomfortable in some people and could cause seizures.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol (50mg) for several years.  It was prescriped by my PCP for moderately severe osteoarthritis. Am unable to tolerate NSAIDs.  I also have Norco (10/325 hyrocodone/acetamphine) as a back up.  I experience chronic low level pain which I deal with through exercise and acupuncture and use Tramadol if it worsens - so I do not take daily and have never experienced any withdrawal symptoms as some people have mentioned.  For what I use it for, it works fairly well and I have no side effects.  But the notion that it is not addictive is false and as of August 2014 has been re-classed as a Schedule IV. In terms of acute pain, I do not find it nearly as effective as Norco but I only need that 1x or 2x a month.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I received this medication through my PCP for horrendous arthritis pain. This medicine is a joke! Like taking baby aspirin!”2014For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for a torn rotator cuff and bursal tear in my right shoulder and another tear in my left. I can say it helps a little with nerve pain and it did help my mood if I was doing absolutely nothing at all.  In short this medication was not worth the trip to the doctor for my circumstance. Happy that it does work for many people. I was also given Ultram extended release at another time which made me sick and gave me insomnia. I was crying in pain at the doctor's office door before they opened with no sleep and ready to puke. This was my worst experience with any medication in my life.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have had a degenerative disk for almost 10 years, and have taken Ultram for the past year and a half. For almost 8 years, due to no insurance, I took nothing and lived with the pain. No narcotic such as hydrocodone has ever touched the pain, but Ultram completely eradicates the pain! It helps my mood and I'm able to work long hours with no pain. As of July 1, 2014 it is a schedule 4 narcotic and now I'm unsure whether I'll be able to get the dosage I need.”2014For Pain:		“Just recently prescribed Tramadol 50 mg and it has been the miracle medicine for my osteoarthritis pain.  The very first dose & I was able to move without any issues.  I am only 42 yrs old and fear being crippled due to this nasty disease.  I am hoping this medicine will continue to work for me.  Hydrocodone 5-325 just wasn't cutting it for me anymore, needed something stronger as the pain was getting truly unbearable.  I would recommend others to try it.  I've read a lot of reviews and have seen mixed reviews but for the most part others are happy with the results like myself.”2014For Fibromyalgia:		“I prescribe Tramadol for patients, for some it does not work because you must have the enzyme to convert it.  For the people who have the converting protein it is a wonder medicine. For many with fibromyalgia & chronic pain it works well and allows them to continue working & activities.  For all medications there are reasonable limits to the amount used, and precautions for some when tapering and discontinuing.  With Tramadol slowly taper and discontinue, do not stop cold turkey.  I found Tramadol to be effective with 1 or 2 tablets (50 mg) a day, occasionally on a severe pain day I must take up to 200 mg in 24 hrs.  4 days a wk I only take 1 tab!”2014For Depression:		“I have been using tramadol with alprazolam for the past 2 years. I take only one 50 mg tablet with one 0.5 mg alprazolam in the morning and I rarely take more (may be once a month I take 2). This combination was my savior.  Because of it, I am doing very good in my business. I stop taking it sometimes and I do not have any withdrawal symptoms at all except for the bad mood and fatigue. I am moving to Germany soon and I am worried that I will not be able to get this medicine there.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have Temporomandibular joint disorder which is Chronic and very painful. I asked the doctor for something for pain and he wrote tramadol. It has been very helpful more so than hydrocodone. I recommend it to anyone. The only negative side effect I've experienced is slight constipation.”2014For Back Pain:		“Used it for horrible back pain.  Didn't do a thing.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Helps my mood also, makes me feel normal. ”2014For Depression:		“TEARS of joy! OMG! Thank you all!! I started Tramadol after my back surgery, I begged my Dr. to get me off hydrocodone after 20 years, no more nonnarcotics, this was for personal reasons, I enjoy sitting in my chair every day watching TV, I THOUGHT I was as good as it gets!! I accepted life as that, but... all of a sudden, I found myself off the chair cleaning, doing things, happy, doing wonderful, not enough of pain control, I experimented with doses, after 3 months I made a mistake and ran out 5 days early, OMG! This is how I realized that the Tramadol is what made me a person again, and your comments made it SO! I am 58 yrs. woman, disabled, takes 100 mg Zoloft everyday, now I am alive!”2014For Depression:		“I have been on Tramadol (50mg 3x per day) for about 6 years now.  For the first few years is was a miracle cure.  I have struggled with depression/anxiety/impulse and obsessive disorders my entire life.  This made me finally feel free and human for the first time ever.  The only downfall was after a few years, the effects wore off, and slowly my depression/anxiety began to creep back in.  I took a break from it for a few months (warning: withdrawing from Tramadol is reallllly uncomfortable).  I went back on it after my Dr assured me it was a good med (even long term) for fibromyalgia/depression, etc.  I'm up to about 4/day now.  It still helps, but not nearly as much in the beginning.”2014Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Ultram/tramadol for fifteen years four/day.  It is usually but not always effective.  I often have to add the NSAID Naprosyn.  I have neuropathy and other side effects from chemo and osteoarthritis also from chemo.  Many joints have no cartilage.  I am concerned about chemical dependency and consciously avoided codeine or morphine.  The Tramadol gets me through the average pain but not the severe pain.  I really wish someone would come up with an analgesic that was both effective and nonaddictive and did not diminish alertness and effectiveness.”2014For Pain:		“My shrink put me on this in 2010. I was overdue for a hip replacement, and it showed when I hobbled into his office! Combined with ketoprofen 75 mg (best NSAID out there for pain) 100 mgs twice daily got me through for 5 months till surgery. Excellent synergistic effect. Still take it with the NSAID since my spine is arthritic, and my knee is ready for replacement now. Problem is my family doc no longer prescribes NSAIDs because of heart and kidney concerns! He thinks 3 tramadol daily is sufficient! ”2014For Fibromyalgia:		“My legs and feet hurt me so very much, when I arose in the morning, I would need to hang on to the chair rail and take a few steps at a time to get used to the pain in my legs and feet. This happened to me around 5 years ago. Then I found tramadol, it is a miracle. I have hardly any pain, I have energy, I am in great moods all of the time. I submit blood every year so the doctor can run panels on my organs, and there is never any damage to them. I hope I never have to stop taking it.”2014For Back Pain:		“This medicine worked decently. I've recently had a spinal fusion due to blowing out my back from lifting weights for football. My L5 disk literally exploded and bone particles were seeping down my spine. This helped relieve the pain after surgery but I did build a tolerance quickly.”2014For Pain:		“Ive taken tramadol for 7yrs 50mg once to three times a day. Sometimes go days without it. I find within 20 mins of taking it my pain is gone. It does not give me a headache, does not make me loopy or sleepy or even depressed. Not sure why its classified as a strong pain pill, it just makes joint paint go away and you can function normal.”2014For Back Pain:		“This medicine has worked well for my back pain, however I cannot take it if I am going out. It causes significant dizziness and agitation, which I can put up with during stay at home evenings or days.”2014For Back Pain:		“I take daily for L5 Herniated disc. It is very effective in restoring a quality life with pain marginalized. I take 2 to 8 tabs rather irregularly today as my back condition improves. Side effects: if I take up to 8 tabs in a day, I inevitably have sleeping problems and in most cases I require another medication to prevent a sleepless night.”2014For Anxiety:		“I was just recently diagnosed with fibromyalgia and was temporarily  prescribed tramadol for pain. I deal with terrible anxiety on a daily basis and it turns out since I've been taking this it has helped so much with anxiety. Although its been hard to concentrate while taking this I don't like the way it alters my mind but it's been a huge relief to be anxiety free. I havent discussed this with my doctor yet but so far I've found nothing else to help anxiety.”2014For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Saved my life! I pretty much went over the deep end from not being able to sleep. Being treated for sleep apnea has helped too.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I take it for gastrointestinal pain and it works fairly well. My pain often gets to the point of me wanting to punch everything in sight, and tramadol helps to quiet it. The only downsides are that it takes a little longer to start working than I need it to, since this unbearable pain can arise in a few minutes. Additionally, it causes constipation even in low doses, which can contribute to further gastrointestinal pain.”2014For Back Pain:		“I'm 31. After 10 yrs of sciatica pain caused by bulging discs and fracture I was prescribed tramadol. They are amazing. No side effects. And no pain, only take 30 mins to kick in. They help me so much in my heavy lifting job. I take them when I'm in a lot of pain. Other times I just try deal with the pain.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Very little effect on pain.”2014For Back Pain:		“Worked really well considering it's not an opiate.”2014For Depression:		“My life was grey on everything my mood was bad, depressed and emotional about having to sweep my own floor. I talked to my primary care doctor and asked about tramadol and he said great things. I now take 6 a day and have been a different person. I now have energy, patient and a better father who plays with his kids again. Saved my life.”2014For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol only works for me if I take it with my gabapentin.  By itself doesn't seem to help.”2014For Pain:		“I took tramadol after carpal tunnel surgery. I usually get sick from other medications. I tried this & got severe headache. Took it only at night the next day & woke up with the pounding in my head. Didn't take it at all the next day & felt fine. Wish it had worked for me.”2014GenRx Tramadol (tramadol) for Pain:		“Had an extremely painful foot condition, which turned out to be gout. The tramadol helped relieve the extreme pain.”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have degenerative spinal damage which in turn has also caused osteoarthritis in my back. I wake up stiff as a board and in pain. And I suffer from an overall achy feeling throughout the day. Tramadol has been a God-send (quite literally). I take 50mg first thing in the morning. And then a 2nd pill if my pain is greater that day. It only took a week or two to adjust and not feel like a zombie or sleepy. These work wonders for my pain and stiffness, and I have no side effects. Tramadol, I swear by. I'd be in excruciating pain without them, or have to deal with all the risks and effects of having to take heavy duty pain medicines. I recommend.”2014Ryzolt (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I love this medicine. The chronic back pain disappears and tramadol doesn't provide any drowsiness.”2014For Depression:		“Though never clinically depressed, I discovered the powerful side effect of tramadol while taking 150 mg/day for chronic sciatica.  The unrelenting pain was a real downer, but the tramadol reliably helped me maintain an optimistic, upbeat attitude.  During five years of taking it, I never had to increase the dosage for the desired effect.  The downside is that it often interfered with sleep so that I found a mid-day nap essential.”2014For Back Pain:		“After being on opiate therapy since 2000 for a spinal injury and fusion I found tramadol to be a great substitute. After some initial discomfort from slight withdrawal tramadol is a life saver. It acts upon the same receptors for opiates which makes it easier to come off them without the major side effects and severe withdrawal sickness I experienced with another drug I had tried. Still feel a little rough from being on opiates for so long. Would do better with a stronger dose with extended release. Thank goodness for no more positive drug tests.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I experience pain also. I rcashed riding my dirt bike last year but I survived. Tramadol saved me for those days of pain. 
”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Have periodic leg and foot pain due to being on them for 10+ a day.  It works well but takes about 2 hours to kick in.  Have used Lortab but feel crappy the next day”2014For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking for 15 years for a variety of chronic pain, mostly cervical degeneration and neuropathy, alone and in combination with NSAIDs. It did not do much for severe low back pain but otherwise it works well and I would rather not be taking Vicodin. It does leave me with severe cotton mouth and possibly some dizziness (could be due to other issues though). I consider it inexpensive and relatively effective, I don't experience any kind of high from any of my pain medicines including Vicodin, so my experience may not be typical. It is sure worth a try if you are having pain and not finding a good medicine to help you with it.”2014For Pain:		“Tramadol is such a good medicine for all kind of pains even I can't explain in my words. I was suffering Backache problem last three years but there is no effect by any medicine. Even I consult 5-6 doctors then one my father's friend told me start to take tramadol. Believe me within one year now I am absolutely fine.”2014For Fibromyalgia:		“I've got fibromyalgia, as well as osteoarthritis, Irritable Bowel Syndrome-C, anxiety/depression, and ulcers. I've tried EVERYTHING, but because my tummy is so sensitive, most medicines make my constipation problem worse, or upset my stomach. Plus, the "usual" side effects of many medicines (feeling hungover, bloating, weight gain, etc) can be just as debilitating as the condition itself. Tramadol helps with ALL of my problems without unbearable side effects! My doctor wanted me to wean off of it, so I tried other medicines again (gabapentin, Cymbalta) but my body just does not like any of them. I am quite thin, and only take 25-50 mg a day (I cut the pills in half!) and this works for me. I have not had to increase this dosage and it's been about a year.”2014For Back Pain:		“I have scoliosis, two bulged disc, and anxiety. Tramadol works great!”2014For Back Pain:		“I have been on Tramadol for 6 yrs. for herniated discs as well as spondyliolisthesis which causes severe sciatica. It has been a Godsend as narcotics did nothing for the sciatica and are awful all the way around.  It also helps my mood and is a good replacement for antidepressants with absolutely no side effects. The only downside for me is the tolerance factor. I have to take more now for the same effect, 100 mg 2x/day instead of 50 mg 2x/day. ”2014For Vulvodynia:		“I initially started taking tramadol for my vulvodynia. When my psoriatic arthritis was diagnosed I transitioned to hydrocodone but after a couple months I couldn't tolerate the side effects. I am back on tramadol. It doesn't  work as well on my pain as well the hydrocodone, but I don't have the nasty side effects either.”2014For Fibromyalgia:		“I managed my fibromyalgia pain for many years with exercise/rest and stress management, although always in some pain and with fatigue.  I was prescribed Tramadol three months ago when the morning pain, back pain and overall fatigue was greatly diminishing my quality of life (ability to roll over or get out of bed, exercise, do housework, focus on the job, and feelings of helplessness).  When I took it I immediately realized how the rest of the word lives-relatively pain free, with better mood more energy.  My morning pain is horrible, so  I may need to take it in the night or get another medicine to help,  I am usually relieved of the pain and stiffness within an hour and a half after taking it.  Amazing!  I do feel a little dizzy and lightheaded.”2014For Anxiety:		“Its hard to believe something like this can exist yet when you go to a doctor with cut up arms & hearing voices, scared out of your mind, obsessed about an idea as irrational as the empty tight feeling in your chest they give you a box of antidepressants. I have always been socially awkward & use to cry allot as a kid, the day dreamer who enjoyed being alone except I didn't like being alone. Tramadol gives me around 6 hours of bliss, 6 hours of clear thoughts of what is in-front of me, its amazing. a cure to unhappiness, its a shame its difficult to get, I have been on it for a year and a half, 1 50mg pill every 3 days gives me the motivation to wake up. ”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“No idea, just got it from the hospital was told to take it with other pain med.s.”2014Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Started taking for back pain took two doses and ended up in hospital with halucinations, dizziness, and feeling faint. Shortly after that my body started shaking uncontrollably from the inside making my legs feel like I had ran for days. ”2014For Pain:		“Used in conjunction with naproxen for arthritis pain, 300 mg per day in 3 increments, usually skip mid day dose if pain is mild.”2014Tramedo (tramadol) for Pain:		“One not enough. Two caused nausea and stomach bloating/cramps.”2014For Vulvodynia:		“I have very painful episodes of pain associated with lichen sclerosus.  I am not a daily user but when I have peak pain levels of 6 or 7 tramadol has been helpful and allows my body to return to a more tolerable pain level after a few doses. So far I haven't used more than 2-3 50mg tabs daily for a few days at a time. My pains are controlled better by topicals but when pain peaks after exercise or physical demanding tasks tramadol along with topicals have made life at those times more bearable. Vulvodynia probably may have painful experiences comparable to those of painful Lichen Sclerosus with disfiguring skin changes.”2014For Back Pain:		“When I was a young teen, I tore 90% of my low back muscles during a recreational activity.  My doctor did not want to put a 16 year old on narcotics so we went through the whole loop of prescription Advil, Tylenol, and Aleve.  Finally I told him none of those worked so he put me on Tramadol.  I am on 50mg every 4 hours as needed.  I like these since they allow me to still be functional, yeah it is short term, but I'm functional.  They do make higher doses with the extended release coating which my sister has for her back pain also.  I would highly recommend this as a narcotic alternative.  ”2014