Ultram ER (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I must say that Ultram ER has worked better for my pain then any other Fibromyalgia FDA approved drug that I've tried.”2008For Pain:		“This may sound over-dramatic, but this drug has changed my life for the better.  It was prescribed for mild back pain, along with a Buspirone for anxiety (this has become a growing concern in my demanding job). Tramadol brought a sense of calm and focus (and pain relief) I've never felt, nor imagined, with only the occasional sense of dizziness.  Ironically, it keeps me up at night, and there is the occasional constipation. I try to skip the occasional day to avoid dependence.  ”2008For Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for 3 years. I've had two back surgeries L4, L5 S1 and hip replacement. Getting the other hip done in 2009. Tramadol works great. Using it and advil and I am back to jogging 3 times a week and lifting weights again. I highly recommend it.”2008For Pain:		“Tramadol is by far the best pain medication I have had yet. The only down fall for me is it causes extreme fatigue/mood swings the next day. It is a fast acting drug. I could definitely tell a difference in my pain - it was the mildest it has been in months.”2008For Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for almost 3 years now for a back injury and chostrocondritus of the chest.  I was told it was a strong NSAID, but found out later it was stronger.  I have never had "addiction" problems with this medication, I only take it when I need it.  The side effect I have trouble with is it makes me restless at night, sleepy/relaxed, but unable to stay asleep.  And mildy sleepy/crabby the day after.  But it does wonders for the pain I experience from my injury.”2008For Pain:		“I had a cervical (neck) fusion about 20 years ago then in 2004 had a road traffic accident fracturing 3 of my lower spine traverse processes. The accident exacerbated the old neck problems. Could get through the day, but began to dread bedtime because I knew I would be sleepless and in pain. I tried everything. Ibuprofen, diclofenic, cocktails of Paracetamol/Co-codomol. Even getting up at 3am for another dose.  I now take a 100mg Tramadol each night, and it seems to be working. I get a decent nights sleep, but am worried about getting hooked on it.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I suffer from chronic back and neck pain and I find that it works as well as Vicodin or Percodan. The only big side effect that I get from this medicine is the fact that I am sleepy the next day. I don't find it addictive but then I only try and take it when I can't sleep because of the pain”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I take Ultram for degenerative changes in the lower lumbar spine,(spinal stenosis, dry disc) and for neck pain from auto accidents and sterno and acromioclavicular joint pain from open heart surgery.
It is the only thing I have used that works and gives me 8 hours of sleep. I only take it when the pain gets intolerable and renders sleep impossible. Have no withdrawal and the only side effect is constipation.
I highly recommend Tramadol. It helped me more than anything else.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had spinal fusion in lower lumbar region 9 years ago.  I was fine until August '08.  I had such severe sciatic pain doctor progressively put me on Ultram ER 200mg 1x / day.  It worked great.  Pain went away after 4 months.  I stopped taking Ultram and now I am dealing with withdrawal symptoms.  PAY ATTENTION to warnings about long term usage.”2008For Pain:		“I having been taking Tramadol for the past two years for abdominal pain due to excessive scar tissue from 5 surgeries.  It has been great for everyday mild pain.  I have no side effects at all.  Unfortunately no loss of appetite!  However, when my pain is severe this doesn't quite cut it and it hasn't ever really done anything for my back pain, which tends to flare up often. ”2008For Pain:		“I prefer this medicine over Vicodin. I take it for pain (headache and muscle pain) caused by hemorrahgic stroke.  I don't like the narcotic feeling I get when I take vicodin. This medicine works well for me.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“For a severely abscessed tooth this pain killer worked great. The side effects were sweats, nagging headache, and constipation.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Contrary to what I've read on some forums this is NOT a strong NSAID. It is a pain medicine (read the insert). It works partially by working on the opiate receptors in the brain. You may a teeny tiny bit euphoric the first time.
 
That said I found it very good for moderate to moderately severe spinal degeneration pain and have been prescribed this for a few years. I take it in addition to an NSAID, athritis strength Tylenol and muscle relaxants (as needed) but this was a Godsend for a long time. The limit is 400mg a day.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have been in pain for more than 18 years and used to live on Ibuprofen when I wasn't diagnosed. Finally 2 years ago I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and prescribed Tramadol (Ultram). It was wonderful. I could move so much better than ever before. My pain seemed to be controlled. However, I quickly realised that the medication only lasted for 4 hours every time. Then the pain would creep back stronger than before. ”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had back surgery in 02 and I have severe leg and foot pain ever since. Since that time I have been on Ultram and am pain free. I know they just classified it as a narcotic, where I live, a year ago. It's a shame because I've been on it for 6 years and have never felt better. It is addictive because when I go for longer than 24 hours without it, I have withdrawals but I've been on it for 6 years so it is to be expected. I highly recommend this drug.”2008For Pain:		“I was prescribed this to help with RA and Periphreal Neuropathy in my feet. My script is 50mg, I take one at night. I also take Gabapentin 300mg at night. The pain is much better, but I have horrible hangovers. I don't know which is the problem, but I don't want to stop because my pain is tolerable now. ”2008For Pain:		“It doesn't work very well for my three herniated discs and radiculopathy but it's better then nothing.”2008For Pain:		“I think I speak for anyone who has ever suffered tremendous pain from a condition that you have no control over. I myself, can actually function at work on this medication. Some people have to work an 8 to 10 hour day first and have to wait till you get home to take a pain pill that ultimately knocks them out.  It shouldn't have to be that way. This medication not only works, but for some people you don't have to wait all day for relief.  I get the relief I need without the narcotic effect.  Kudos to the pharmaceutical genius who thought of this one.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Although this drug is effective for pain; I experienced horrible withdrawls from it.  I was awake for over 30 hours.”2008For Pain:		“Very good drug added to my daily NSAID by my doctor when my pain was limiting my daily functioning.  There is no feeling of dizziness or high on drugs.  It's helped me for several years now.  Only the brand name Ultram, comes in once a day dosing but that is the best for getting a good nights sleep if you have chronic pain through the night.”2008For Pain:		“Sure, does work.”2008For Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol for about 7 years now off and on. I have suffered from lower lumbar area pain and degenerative disc disease and this is theonly thing that takes the edge off and still allows me to work.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol about 3 months ago for chronic pain in my knee, hips and especially my lower back due to over 26 years in the military.  It allows me to be relativly free from pain and capable of doing things around my yard.  I have expienced no side effects. If I stop taking it for a couple of days the pain returns.  Before taking tramadol I was limited to 15 to 30 minutes of work and then I would be done for a couple of days to recuperate.  ”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have diabetic neuropathy, fibromyalgia, osteoarthritis with 24-7 all over pain. My lower back pain is very severe and cannot be helped by surgery due to the extent of damage there. I am usually unable to walk due to the pain in my back, hips, knees and leg muscles. I take Ultram 100. My doctor prescribed it starting with 1 at night for 3 days, then 2 for 3 days, then up to 3 per day. I do fine with 2 and received an amazing amount of relief and sleep. I am very sensitive to pain medicine, very hard to take. 
I prefer to just take 1 now mostly and also take Ibuprofen during the day as well. It helps excessive pain and headache. ”2008“Helps relieve most of my pain. Don't take more than recommended.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I use tramadol all the time for pain and it does work better than hydrocodone or codeine.  It lasts a lot longer, the only complaint I have, is it's very expensive. ”2008“I've been taking tramadol for 2 years. I like it so much better than narcotic pain relievers. I don't feel awful, eyes arent heavy and not sleeping around the clock. I don't have any side effects I don't get buzzed and my pain level is tolerable and I don't dread work because of pain. I do not have health insurance available to me at the present time and its not that expensive. I would recommend this before narcotics. I have tried otc medicines without any relief. Thank you tramadol.”2008“Have been given several Restless leg products and have had my best releif with Tramadol, I take 50mg at 2 hours before bed and I have no restless legs. I wish someone would have prescribed this to me years ago.”2008For Pain:		“I have a pinched nerve in my right leg thats sends shock waves of pain through my body. I didn't think Tramadol 50mg was working until I missed taking a pill at 4:00 pm. About 2 hours after I should have taken a dose the pain was 10 times worse than with the pills. It works great and gives you great sleep.”2008For Pain:		“I have been on Tramadol for 1 week. I had a hysterectomy on 8/20/2008 and my doctor was concerned about pain management. I am allergic to anti-inflammatories: advil, naprosyn. This medicine is a life saver! I take 1-50mg tablet every 4-6 hours. I haven't had any serious side effects. A little sleepy at times, but that's it. I have an uncle who is on vicodin for pain management and I am going to tell him about this.”2008For Pain:		“My doctor prescribed this for me for my menstrual cramps.  It helps so much. I do get drowsy but I am at home so it's o.k.”2008For Pain:		“A life saver for me in being able to handle the pain and discomfort, and I can still do a days work.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am taking this medicine for lower back pain due to herniated discs. Taking this drug in combination with Lyrica has reduced the pain in the front of my legs significantly.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have chronic lower lumbar pain from a bone disorder that affects mostly my lower back. Pain can be excruciating at times. I was taking the tramadol 50 mg tablets for a few years they helped some but I had to take more and more of them. My doctor put me on the tramadol ER tablets so I take 1 tablet a day. It is great. With one 300 mg tablet a day I can function fine. It gives great pain relief.”2008For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“My wife said that my jerking legs stopped jerking now she can sleep better at nights, and I feel good too.”2008For Pain:		“I have always suffered from migraines and Tramadol is the only effective drug I have found. It successfully relieves the pain when all other drugs to abort the migraine have failed. A good side effect is it makes me feel calm and maybe a bit drowsy. A bad side effect is it makes me itch all over.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I found tramodol to be very effective in controlling my back pain.  I was able to use the minimum dose for the most part, but knew that I could take another half pill if the pain was more severe, usually in the morning.  As the pain decreased, I did not feel the need to take the medicine as often, and was able to get off of it easily. I could function well while on this drug at the minimum dose.”2008For Pain:		“I've been suffering from joint pain so severe that some days I can't walk.  I suffer from poly arthritis.  I've tried many medications that treat arthritis pain and none have worked except for tramadol.  I highly recommend this for chronic pain management.  The side effects are few and mild.  I also agree with the statements that it effects your mood, making you feel more calm and happy.  This drug has been a lifesaver, allowing me to continue to function at a much higher level than without it.”2008For Pain:		“I take 50 mg Ultram as needed for trigger point pain following a head on collision which left me with whiplash syndrome and nerve damage to cervical, thoracic and sciatic disks.  I take it as needed every 6-8 hrs with zanaflex at night for deep sleep. It has returned my life to me.  No more flailing arms and legs (PTSD or nerve damage?).  Works well for me.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Very few side effects.  A little fatigue now and then, but you get that with Fibromyalgia anyway.  It has greatly improved my quality of life and attitude towards life in general.  I'm a much happier person having limited pain now.”2008For Pain:		“I have osteoarthritis. I find this drug very effective pain relief without feeling drowsy, however if I stop taking it 
I have side effects that are not pleasant.”2008For Pain:		“I have been using tramadol for 7 years for chronic regional pain syndrome. It works really well and I don't get any side effects except occasional itching. I take 2, 50mg tabs 4 times a day. 

This is the difference between living a normal life and total debilitation for me.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I've recently gone off Lortab and have started taking Ultram. Initially I was worried about the side affects and with Lortab withdrawl (I have bursitis and a frozen shoulder). Well this medicine works far better for my shoulder and back and over all pain, everyone can tell the diffence in me. I too can't be without it. They are now talking about surgery next month. So we will see.”2008For Pain:		“I have been prescribed Tramadol for the past 5 years and it has completly relieved my back pain. I have stopped a few times, but the pain returned. Initially I took 2 x 50mg tablets a day, but now need 3 x 50mg a day to get the same relief. I had a feeling of euphoria and some anxiety side effects during the 1st year, but now these have gone and I just get the pain relief.  I do have mild withdrawal symptoms if I discontinue the Tramadol, which I do every few months for a few days. The withdrawal is in the form of anxiety and an uncomfortable feeling for a couple of days, but nothing that I can not easily put up with. Breaking the continuity of use for a few days is good to prevent more severe withdrawal I believe, but Tramadol is still the best and most effective pain reliever I have tried and I plan to continue using it.”2008For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've used every medication possible to control Restless Leg Syndrome.  At present I'm alternating between hydrocodone and tramadol.  They both work fairly well to control the condition but I need to alternate back and forth between them.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Ultram has worked significantly for me to relieve extreme post (2yrs) shoulder surgery. I have received excellent return of motion but continue to have 24/7 pain. Over the counter medicines have not worked. Ultram has given a relief that allows up to eight hours of pain free sleep. I use 100mg each evening at bedtime.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“My neck joints were was injured in a car crash 5 yrs ago causing chronic pain. After 15 months of misery and narcotic pain relievers, my doctor prescribed Ultram. It helps makes my life bearable with NO side effects. Surprised to read other user say "most" get feelings of euphoria as that has never happened to me or anyone in my pain support group.”2008For Pain:		“I started taking 2 X 50 mg four times a day but I only take about 4-6 now. I have been on Vicoden 10/325 12 x a day for the past 3 years and believe it or not this has replaced the Vicodens for the moment. I stopped taking Vicoden yesterday and have no withdrawal or as bad a pain as I thought. ”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have severe back pain and have been on everything. Nothing works better then Ultram. I still go to work and don't feel like I'm in a tunnel. I also have no problems with withdrawl symptoms, when I stop taking them.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“New reports are claiming Ultram to be highly addictive - the FDA must have decided that the drug works to well and it is too cheap so they put out these reports.I have never felt
anything that would make me addicted except pain relief that enables me to perform my daily tasks.  People need to speak up quickly. My Doctor has decided he wants me to try Elavil which caused rapid weight gain and Cymbalta or Celebrex (very expensive - hmmm!) which caused sexual dysfunction and I felt like a zombie.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been using this for almost a year now for peripheral neuropathy pain. This along with Lyrica and Pamalor have finally made it possible to live with somewhat normal levels of pain. Don't want to be without it.”2008For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been taking tramadol for about 3 years for restless leg syndrome. My doctor tried several other drugs for this and all they did was enhance the problem. Took my first two tramadol and had the best nights sleep I have had in years.”2008For Pain:		“I broke my back and my leg 2 years ago. For a while I tried to keep working w/o any type of pain supprescent, but as I started getting busier I had to do something. I started taking Tramadol I can limit myself to two pills a day only taking them at lunch time they do a great job at just helping me make it through the end of the day. BUT I noticed after a while I had to start taking them on the weekends too otherwise I would get an upset stomach, diarrhea, and would have a hard time sleeping.”2008For Pain:		“Good Med for moderate pain and can help with anxiety but will cause headaches and constipation but not as bad as opiates.

The #1 problem is if you have to stop then you MUST taper off over weeks especially if taking a high dose over 200 MG a day or for more than 2 weeks or you will experience some wild withdrawals like not sleeping and tingling down to the tips of your fingers and other horrible feelings.

If your lucky to have, you can take the drug LYRICA and it will stop most of the withdrawals especially the nerve tingling.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis, so am in fairly constant pain.  Ultram has really been a lifesaver, allowing me to work and play.  Headache is sometimes a problem, but I think almost always in combination with caffiene.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am now on my first re-fill of tramadol and recognize it does decrease the pain level.  The prescription is written for two pills per day but I have done that only twice.  Each time getting a headache so I continue to take it only at night just before bedtime.  My next trip to the doctor - I will ask if it has anything to do with stomach pain which I have begun to experience and originally thought the pain had to do with consuming wheat (bread) but eliminated all wheat from my diet.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have suffered from TMJ issues for many years and was prescribed many pain meds but the narcotics made me very ill.  I started taking Ultram ER 200mg and for once I could actually function in the real world!  I recommend anyone needing long-term pain relief to look into Ultram ER”2008For Pain:		“I have to agree with the other reviewer who described less aggressiveness when taking Tramadol. I was originally prescribed this for back pain, but have come to desire it more for its mood altering capabilities. It's stated that this product has a "very weak but rapidly acting serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor." I've noticed that I no longer throw tantrums and that I'm in general a much calmer individual. I do however wonder what the price is in the long run in terms of dependency.”2008Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking this medication for about two years.  At first it completely killed the pain and then gradually i have built a tolerence to it.  The days that it works and feel good it is awesome but other days i wish i had other options.  I like the fact that it is non narcotic and seems not as habit forming.”2008For Pain:		“I used this for significant body pains, and had great results.  Tramadol was described by my doc as a 'notch below' Vicoden.  The more you take, the queasier you get and my appetite was supressed, so I lost some weight. Yes, it caused MAJOR constipation which made me miserable at first, but this was resolved with 3 flaxseed oil capsules, a couple Fiber One bars, and a lot of water every day. (Seriously, this was my miracle cure.) The tramadol also had me waking up every hour at night.”2008For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for my back pain.  It helped a little with the pain, but everytime I took it, it made me really sick the next day.  It made me nauseous, dizzy, and I kept vomiting the day after I took it.  Needless to say I quit taking it.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am a Helicopter pilot for the US Army and I have Chronic upper back pain.  I am on the 200mg Ultram and it is a life savor.  It still allows me to fly and controls the pain.  My only issues with this drug is it tends to make me itch and I can't take it before bed or i will be awake all night.  I have been taking it as needed for the past 6 months.”2008Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had been taking Ultram 50mg for two years and my Doctor decided to take me off of it because i was taking 4 tablets per day. Since then my doctor has put me on other meds which have not helped. I recently read about Ultram ER and I have a doctors appt tommorrow. I am going to mention this to my doctor to try because i think a one a day pill is exactly what I need. I will let you all know how it goes. I pray this works because i am tired of taking pill after pill.”2008For Pain:		“I am taking tramadol for pain in my back-though it's a great pain reliever I don't like how I feel after the medicine get into my system-feel light headed, nausea, blurred vision and shaky.”2008For Pain:		“I recently had a severe back pain and was admitted to hospital where I was given Tramadol for 3 days. At the time I found I had difficulty breathing. It felt as if I was forgetting to breath I had to stay in hospital for a further 3 days - It took the pain away though.”2008For Pain:		“My doctor just perscribed the drug tramadol to me for a torn rotator cuff. I don't fair well with drugs to begin with so I might not be a good source of info but none the less I felt compelled to write. With that said, I think its a strong drug. It has helped with the pain, but has made me uneasy such as a true nacotic would. I don't care for the feeling, but as mentioned it has helped somewhat with the pain.”2008