For Back Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol for about 4 years for spinal stenosis and now Rheumatoid Arthritis.  Tramadol works very well for me.  I have the 50mgs.  I generally take 2, 3 times per day.  It used to be less but I guess I've built up some type of tolerance since this is all they give me and it is most ineffective on the RA attacks.  When that happens I have to take 6, just to be able to lay down.  The attacks usually last about 3 days and the Prednisone helps a great deal once it kicks in, I can go back to taking 2.  I'm thankful for this medication but just recently (the past two months) I have noticed a change in the Tramadol.  I break out in sweats, feel feverish, lots of aches and feel very hungry all the time and no, its no, its not me.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have been on Ultram for a few years now I had a spinal fusion and they put me on Ultram 50 mg for pain every 4 hours and I must say it helps me tremendously! Even more then Percocet or Vicodin so I would highly recommend this medication for back pain.”2012For Back Pain:		“Seems to be the only thing that helps since Bextra was taken off the market.”2012For Pain:		“Have osteoarthritis in knee. I have taken this for years with no side effects. 50mg lets me take less for good days and more as needed. I cannot take the COX II type medicines, tried them all. My knee is not repairable. Without this medicine I would be on a walker.”2012For Pain:		“I have a bleeding disorder so can't take NSAIDs. Unfortunately, I also have arthritis and shoulder pain. I was taking Tylenol #3 but didn't like the mental clouding side effect. Tramadol has worked great for me. I take 100 to 300 mg a day, tending toward the 100 side with 300 being for active weekends of running and biking (300 spread out in 3 doses, not all at once, obviously). This works really well. I'm giving it an 8 because of the side effects (constipation and dry mouth). 

I've skipped a couple days with no problem and no overwhelming desire to take it (other than I hurt!)”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“I was prescribed Ultram a few months ago when I was in a severe fibromyalgia flare. It worked so well I asked my Dr. to keep me on it. She prescribed 100mg/day in divided doses but told me that a friend of hers took 2 every morning and was doing very well on it. I try not to take it on a regular basis to avoid addiction. The worst part of taking it is that when the pain returns it returns with a vengeance! That's when I want to take another dose but I don't because I know I will end up taking more and more to get the same relief. I didn't realize I was in such extreme pain until I didn't feel it while taking the Ultram. I do have to take 100mg to get relief.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“Before taking Tramadol I was living off of ridiculous amounts of Vicodin and Aleve. I was still in considerable pain and I knew I was becoming addicted to the hydrocodone. I took Tramadol not expecting anything and I was blown away. I can do my job again (waiting tables) without needing to collapse in pain by the end of the day and my boyfriend no longer has to sleep on the couch because it hurts my back to be in the same bed!

It does cause me some nausea, but that has gotten better as I take it regularly. The pain does come back if I miss a dose, but I now only need 1-2 pills to live a normal life, not 10 or more a day. The only downside to this medicine is it causes me awful constipation.”2012For Pain:		“I have been on numerous pain medicines due to severe case of Crohn's disease. At 1st, I wasn't sure about this medicine but after taking it for a while, it has truly been a lifesaver for me. I like the fact its a non-narcotic medicine. I also suffer from problems with my sciatic nerve and it has made all the difference in the world.  Very inexpensive with my insurance and even very affordable without insurance.  Only thing I don't care about is the drowsiness, but you have to consider all the pain I have been through, a little drowsiness is something I can handle. I am so glad that the Dr gave me this to try.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol is a good medication that can take care of a wide range of pain. This medication is a great sub to addictive meds.  A medication that only manages the pain and does not manage your mental state.”2012For Pain:		“Tramadol is amazing. I know its not classified as a narcotic, but it should be. It takes an hour to kick in but lasts long. I like it better then hydrocodone/Vicodin.”2012For Chronic Pain:		“Doctors are getting me prepped for a revision to a septic artificial knee (replacement) They have removed the damaged parts and sutured me back up, waiting for the anti-biotics to clean the leg. The first week on Tramadol was effective for pain but in the 4th week 200mg a day does almost nothing for the pain. To sleep I have to return to 15mg of Hydrocodone before bed.”2012For Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with fibromyalgia as well as degenerative disc disease/arthritis in my cervical spine. I was given several different meds, eventually ending up with 50mg of tramadol. I recently had spinal fusion in my neck and have been in OxyContin/oxycodone and have had good post op pain relief, but little to no effect on my fibro symptoms. I've been asking my doctor for tramadol for several weeks (I'm 9 weeks post op) and he has said I wasn't ready for that weak a medication yet. Finally today he agreed to take me off of oxycodone and let me get back to tramadol for my main pain, which is fibromyalgia. It does not make me sleepy like oxycodone and it controls the pain in my legs/hips that just doesn't get relieved from oxy.”2012For Pain:		“I have a few severely rotted teeth waiting to be pulled and I have to say tramadol has been a God send.  No pain at all with 100mg but a little sleepy.  50mg got me back to work, fully alert, with no noticeable side effects.”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been taking Tramadol for RLS for three years. It worked absolutely wonderfully, and any time I ran out or stopped for some reason, I had no withdrawal symptoms at all. Also, I never felt like I was dependent on it, nor addicted to it. It helps that this is a non-narcotic medication. At the beginning of this year, my doctor added gabapentin 300mg/night. With this combination, I must say, I have never had a more restful night's sleep in my entire life. I wake up refreshed, not groggy at all, and ready to hop right out of bed and take on the day and the world.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“This medicine took all my pain, I was able to function 100%. I slept fine, ate fine, moved fine. The only major problem is make sure your Dr. weens you off it. ”2012“Works better than any other pain medication so far. Helps with sleep, no side effects. Love it.”2012For Depression:		“I to went from one antidepressant to another.  SSRIs (multiple), TCAs, SNRIs.  Nothing worked and like others my moods were up and down the whole time.  Twice a day Tramadol has kept me symptom free for 5 years now.  Amazing.”2012For Anxiety:		“Really great medicine for my anxiety, originally my doctor prescribed this for pain, but I find its better for anxiety. Be careful and when you need to stop taking the medicine you need to taper off very slowly, or else. Very uncomfortable withdrawal syndrome - you need to taper off. ”2012For Pain:		“After three years of chronic back pain I've been prescribed tramadol yesterday. The effects were amazing, for the first time in months I was able to get some real sleep. 100mg of tramadol works better for me than 50mg methadone ever did without spending the day as a zombie.”2012For Back Pain:		“It stopped working on severe back pain. Works on sciatica very well 100 to 150 mg twice daily. I have No side effects from it. ”2012For Pain:		“Once I was diagnosed with sarcoidiosis I was given many different narcotics and with these narcotics I felt as if everything being said by myself or anyone else it was echoing in my head and the pain relief did not last long enough. I was originally given Tramadol as a break through pain medicine and it didn't take me long to realize this was the only pain medicine I needed. I take 1-2 every 6 to 8 hours. This medicine does have a mood elevator so that is a plus in my book. Narcotics seem to put me on edge. There are withdrawal symptoms such as cold sweats feeling horrible, joint pain, but with everything good there has to be bad somewhere. ”2012For Pain:		“I take Tramadol for painful neuraliga. It ensures that I have a good night's sleep and takes away most of the pain for up to eight hours per dose. I find I need to take 100mg together with 500mg Paracetamol for the best effect: 50mg Tramadol isn't enough for me. Because of the stories I've  read about people becoming dependent on it with withdrawal symptoms, I have limited my usage to two to three occasions a week only. I can easily not take it for three consecutive days with no ill effects at all. I intend to limit my use of it in this way, unless my symptoms worsen.”2012For Pain:		“I am a 73 year old active male and I was initially prescribed Tramadol by my Orthopedic Surgeon for Arthritis knee pain 4 years ago.  Since then I tore my Meniscus in the same knee and following surgery to repair and clean some of the Arthritis I pretty much have bone on bone.  Since I have multiple medical problems eg; three hip replacements, heart attack, atrial fibrillation with Pacemaker defibrillation implant, Lung cancer surgery, Abdominal Aortic Aneurysm, etc. I have decided I do not want to go through a knee replacement.  I have been using Tramadol every day for 4 years and have to increase it when I play golf usually 2 pills 3 times to get through the round.  The Dr is now objecting to refills which gives me a big problem.  ”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“My doctor prescribed Tramadol for my fibromyalgia - which I have had for 20 years - about 8 months ago.  Over the years the symptoms have lessened, but some days it is just hard to get up - pain, achy, foggy headed.  I tried the Tramadol and it killed the pain almost immediately plus it had an unexpected extra bonus.  I have had a lot of foot pain for many years and sometimes could barely hobble around - the pain was gone.  I could actually put on shoes and not be in misery.  I'm going to London in a few weeks and now don't worry about the tours and being in pain.  This medicine is my lifesaver.  I have had two bad experiences with it though both drug interactions with allergy medications - sweating, headache and vomiting. Take it alone.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I fell at work on my knees and have had severe pain ever since.  I have been using 50 mg Ultram (Tramadol) for about 3 months and I can honestly say that I am able to function at work and during my daily life.  I have been on hydrocodone and Lortab and both of these medicines make me sleepy and just out of it all day. Ultram helps me quite well but after 5-6 hours I am ready to take another one.  Dosage is 3 times per day/every 6-8 hours.  My family is happy and so am I.  I would recommend this medicine, it truly works.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have degenerative disc disease from my neck down and chronic daily headaches. I have been put on this several times over the past 4 years but even taking 100mg 4 times a day it did not help.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“I am a male, diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and fibromyalgia. I was prescribed a number of medications, some of were Cymbalta, Naproxen, Tramadol, of which only Tramadol seems to take the edge off some of the overall body pain I have. Tramadol makes me very drowsy, but I rarely get a good nights sleep. I'm at my wits end from this experience and don't know what else to do. I try to exercise when I have the energy and feel ok when I do. But I have to rest, sometimes spending a whole day in bed, trying to recuperate. Its very hard to keep positive, but I try my best.”2012For Pain:		“Tramadol is a mixed bag for me, it seems to help some types of pain better than others and seems to work better some days than others. I am on 200 mg extended release and it does not seem to work as well as the short acting pill 4-6 hrs, but is worth the convenience of taking only once a day.”2012For Pain:		“Brilliant for back pain with diclofenac and pregabalin”2012For Depression:		“Started taking tramadol for chronic pain relief. It worked but I didn't expect that after trying all for bipolar and depression it would work. Until now I'm not feeling the depression so badly. Its great.”2012Ryzolt (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“This worked wonders for me. It just cost too much. ”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been suffering from restless legs syndrome for over 15yrs. I was originally given tramadol for back pain, which didn't help me at all, but in the process I found I fully relieved my RLS symptoms. I have been taking it for over 10yrs. I have stopped during pregnancy and when taking my migraine medicines, and substitute a low dose narcotic. In the beginning I do remember some 'high' like feelings when I started Tramadol but during my breaks from it I haven't experienced the withdrawals everyone is talking about. My RLS symptoms are quite severe and not medicated it will bring me to tears. The horrible achiness and cramping makes me want to scream! Have tried Quinine and Requip in the past with bad sided effects.”2012For Pain:		“It worked better for me than Lortab.”2012For Pain:		“After surgery on my knee, my doctor prescribed this to supplement the Norco 7.5/325 I was already taking and still not able to sleep from the constant pain. Perhaps it is my metabolism, I do not know. I only know it did not work for me.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“I have always known there was something wrong with my muscles, all my life as far back as I can remember. There were (and still are but not as often) days that I awoke and felt like I had run a marathon or been beaten up. I moved like an 80 year old with bad joints. I came across tramadol by accident for a knee injury. After a few days on it, I realized that I had been sleeping wonderfully and woken up refreshed and feeling good. I spoke with my MD and he stated that tramadol IS the ORIGINAL Fibromyalgia medicine. After an assessment, he kept me on it to see what would happen. Luckily, I only have to take it once a day (at night) or every other day. Wonderful little pill!”2012For Anxiety:		“Excellent,”2012For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Excellent”2012For Depression:		“I experienced only adverse reactions to SSRIs and TCAs thanks in part to being bipolar, but Tramadol has been a God send for my depression. I was sick and tired, literally, of trying different medicines only to have my mood get thrown around crazily. Tramadol worked when nothing else could touch the depression. I take it twice daily. Could not live without it. I am so thankful that my psychiatrist is open to new ideas and tried this, I only will encourage others to try this also. Because of the Tramadol I am now recovered from any form of self injury - I am free for over 3 years.  It works. Simple.”2012For Pain:		“I was prescribed  Tramadol to take together with Paracetamol for my chronic nerve pain. At first when I tried it, taking just one 50mg tablet it did almost nothing for me so I didn't bother taking it. Then later I tried taking 100mg together with Paracetamol and found it really helped and also improved my sense of well being, relaxation and general happiness. I take them only when necessary, and feel wary about taking it every day, because I've read of serious addictions. I hope that taking it just three times a week will be fairly safe longer term.”2012Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“This has helped my mom along with gabapentin for her disc problems. ”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol ER works very well for fibromyalgia pain. I take 100mg a day with Savella 50mg and so far it's the only combination that helps. Some days nothing helps, but I have had more better days with this combination.”2012For Back Pain:		“Tramadol is the best non-narcotic pain reliever for chronic back pain I've ever used.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have a degenerated disc and arthritis in my back. At first the pain was intense and I couldn't sleep. My doctor prescribed Vicodin but that made me feel drunk and couldn't function. I take Ultram 50mgs every 4 hours. At first I took them only when I was in pain. But realized through articles that taking it when pain starts it's not as effective! I now sleep pretty good, before I couldn't sleep and I was like a zombie! Little side effects. After 4 hours I get a little air headed. Been on it about a month! Trying to determine if I as I have been taking it every 4hrs pain or not. I'm pleased that I have a lot less pain and can function!”2012For Pain:		“I was in a severe car accident and needed a non narcotic pain medicine that was stronger than over the counter medicines until my bruised ribs healed.  I was given 60 tablets and for the first few days I took it every 4 to 6 hours.  I still have 1/2 the prescription and have not had to use it in about a month.  Tramadol helped with pain and allowed me to function at work and to sleep at night. I would recommend this medicine to everyone.”2012For Back Pain:		“I stared using this a week ago.  I have gone from chronic high pain to a level of 1 to 2.  I can function like a person again.  While this is only until we address the actual problem causing the back pain, this has made me look forward to having days with very little pain.  The difference is like night and day.  I still have the pain if I stand for too long, or if I do too much physical activity, but I can now sit for extended period of time pain free.  I have a slight upward tic, nervousness, and at times dizzy.  I take this with food.  For me it is a relief to be so pain free after dealing with the problem for over 18 years without any real relief.”2012For Depression:		“Have taken Tramadol for depression after being labeled treatment-resistant. I have tried all SSRIs, all SNRIs, and one tricyclic antidepressant and did not respond to any of them. Tramadol is the only medicine to bring depression relief. Scientific research at the University of Cincinnati supports this claim as Tramadol is thought to have SNRI properties and may even help OCD in some. Love it.”2012For Pain:		“I found this medicine to be very effective. Of course, everyone's tolerance to pain medication is different, but for me, when Tylenol #3, Vicodin, Naproxen Sodium, and Ibuprofen didn't seem to help even in the slightest bit, but tramadol was a great relief for me. I am grateful to find something that helped my chronic pain problem. I am very careful to only use it when necessary for pain.”2012For Pain:		“Helped arthritis pain a lot. Side effects of nausea at times, however it goes away within an hour or two after taking the medicine. Highly recommend.”2012For Pain:		“I take tramadol for 7 days every three months following trigger point injections, and as needed for back pain following a car accident. This medication takes away my pain from the injections and when I have flare-ups! Side effects for me include dizziness (if I take it without food), drowsiness, slight insomnia, dry mouth, and euphoria or a floating feeling. I cannot drive or do anything requiring intense concentration after taking this medication. That said, I am sensitive to the effects of medications. Although there are some side effects, overall this medication helps me a lot and allows me to deal with pain more easily.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“With irritable bowel syndrome and fibromyalgia, I try and take as few medicines as possible. Tramadol works great for me. Sometimes I will only take 1/2 a (50mg) pill and it will make a difference - less pain, a slight mood elevator, and NO irritable bowel problems.”2012For Pain:		“I find tramadol to be a wonderful pain reliever. I take it for chronic migraines and joint pain. I find that 100 mgs for the migraine works, however 300 mgs is needed for the joint pain. I get a little loopy, definitely itchy, but my mood is stable and I'm pain free.”2012For Back Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol 3 weeks after my spinal fusion. During the three weeks prior to starting Tramadol, I was taking narcotics around the clock. Withdrawal from the narcotics was severe and a difficult process for me. Once I was finished with that process, I started taking Tramadol 50-100 mg every 4-6 hours for back pain. With Tramadol I am able to stay awake during the day and manage my pain. These two factors allow me to work on my muscle strength and stamina. I am now 5 weeks post-op and do not require around the clock doses of Tramadol. I am not experiencing any withdrawal symptoms.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have osteoarthritis, bursitis in my shoulder, degenerative discs, and have had surgery for a herniated disc. I have been on hydrocodone and Percocet, but Ultram 100 mg by far does a better job keeping me comfortable and able to function without feeling cloudy.”2012Ultram ODT (tramadol):		“My experience with Ultram is fantastic. I severely injured myself in a cycling in France while training for the Ironman Competition. I broke both wrist, elbows, back and crushed 3 vert in my neck. I have taken all the hardcore medicines which only took a pain level of 10 down to a 7, but the side effects were terrible. If I ran out early. I would get dope sick, but there was nothing to alleviate the pain level. My PCP advised me to try Ultram, and have been using it since January, it works great.”2012ConZip (tramadol) for Pain:		“Very good at relieving my hip and back pain for extended periods of time...MUCH longer than the tramadol 50 mg. Very expensive though.”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Have had restless legs syndrome for 7 years and MD tried multiple medicines (Requip, Neurontin, Carbidopa/Levodopa).  All worked OK but still had RLS in the day and night.  Then, I hurt my back and was put on Tramadol three times a day.  My RLS completely went away but I had problems peeing.  So, I went off and those symptoms went away (but the RLS came back).  So, now I take one pill a day and the RLS is gone and I have no side effects.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“With Tylenol and Neurontin every 8 hours plus daily Cymbalta it works for fibromyalgia. Remove the Ultram/Tramadol and it doesn't. Ultram alone didn't do the trick, but it is the needed pill for this to work. From number 5 pain to zero/1 on a 10 scale.”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Fantastic. I finally got immediate relief for my restless leg syndrome after suffering for many months and taking other medicines like Horizant. This one did the trick for my legs and I sleep well again.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Good medicine, it gets rid of your pain without that drowsy sick feeling. ”2012For Back Pain:		“I have had back pain for the last month and was given 50mg tramadol tablets upon where I take two at a time usually once a day. I wanted to discuss my side effects as they seem bizarre but looking online I'm not the only one. After 30 mins I feel extremely happy and everyone is my friend. I feel overwhelmingly more in love with my wife and I feel like having sex more. However, talking from a males point of view it dampens the experience but keeps the erection. It basically makes me last longer. My only negative side effect is a feeling in my arms as though someone has just punched me using their knuckle. This goes eventually.”2012For Back Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol 50mg for about 2 yrs now, and before I found this medicine my activities with my children were very limited. I have extreme lower back pain due to a slipped disc. I felt like a terrible mommy because I could not move around well at all, and I was only in my early 30's. I could not even do simple house cleaning activities for any longer than 30 minutes, if that! But now, with Tramadol, I have my life back!! I able to run and play with my kids, and conduct myself as normal at work, and my daily household chores are done with no problems, my relationship with my children and my husband have deffinitely gotten 100% better, because I dont feel like I am a burden anymore. I can do so much more now..”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have severe and agonizing restless legs syndrome. People say it's because of my schizophrenia medicines but I know its genetics. I went through agonizing years until I found that taking tramadol everyday completely cured it. ”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have 4 herniated discs (C1/C2 & L4/L5), Fibromyalgia, and Migraine Headaches. I also have  Atrial Tachycardia, which basically means that my heart beats at extremely fast irregular rates, and the surgery that fixes 95% of these cases won't work on me. 
      
My Doctor put me on Ultram 60mg 3 times daily and Morphine Sulphate Extended Release 50mg recently. I have to admit, at first I wasn't thrilled about the Ultrams. I'd taken them in lower doses before and told my wife I'd be better off on Tylenol. But I gave them a shot and to my surprise the pain relief was amazing! I love Ultram because I don't live in "FOG" all the time. I can drive, go to work, play with my Baby and spend time with my family. I would recommend Ultram!”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have severe scar tissue and adhesions from mutiple surgeries and the pain was intense it is in my pelvic area. I fill like I'm having a bad cycle every day and walking intensifies the pain this is a every day feeling. My doctor tried me on Ultram and it has been a God send. I take it three times a day. Without it it would be hard to walk so I give it a 10 thank you.”2012For Pain:		“I took tramadol for three years.  I got into a car accident and had some neck pain.  Went to the doctor and he prescribed me tramadol.  It instantly made my neck feel better.  It also made me very happy and in a better mood.  I had alot more energy and just felt better all together.  I ended up getting a job at Walgreens.  This was the first job I kept for more than a month!  I stayed there for two years.  I decided to take myself off of tramadol because I didn't want to have to depend on it anymore to make me feel better.  I felt miserable and dragging at work.  I quit my job a month or so after. It's been a year and still not working.  I think I may need to get back on it.”2012For Pain:		“Takes all my pain away no side effects.”2012For Pain:		“Tramadol works for me.  I've been suffering cervical neck pain for years.  Tried physical therapy, had an MRI, cortisone, facet neurotomy x2.  The second neurotomy didn't help.  Started tramadol and it takes all the facet pain away.  I still feel other pains but all spine related pain is gone.  Minimal fogginess.  I'm allowed up to 400mg per day but usually take 250.
As far as I'm concerned it's a wonder drug.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I take Tramadol 50 mg and Lyrica for my Fibromyalgia.  These have given me back my ability to function.  I still get tired and have less strength in my body, but I wouldn't be without the Tramadol for even a day.”2012For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“When I was in 8th grade, I fractured my back, and have re-fractured it 2 more times since then.  I have done everything under the sun to help relieve my back pain and the only thing that has ever worked has been Tramadol.  I also have restless leg and it is not just when I'm sleeping - it's all day every day, and all through the night.  I used to take the Tramadol to help this and it completely cured the restless legs syndrome.”2012For Anxiety:		“I have been prescribed Tramadol for post traumatic stress disorder/anxiety by my doctor. I take it at night and my PTSD nightmares have completely diminished!”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“This is the first time in 10 years I have felt a cessation of pain from fibromyalgia.”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“I've tried so many non-narcotic pain meds and muscle relaxers for chronic pain and Ultram is the only one that has helped!  I do get extreme headaches sometimes from withdrawal and if I've taken more than prescribed, I get nauseous and itchy.”2012For Back Pain:		“Tramadol has been little short of a miracle for me. Was first prescribed in mid-90s for painful back injury. Used it off and on since then when pain flared up. For about the last 4 years, have been taking Tramadol daily, either 50 or 100 mgs. Have never had need, urge or whatever to increase dosage. ”2012For Back Pain:		“Started taking Tramadol (50/mg) for a bulging disc that was discovered after an X-ray and MRI in 2011.  I didn't take 50 mg/day consistently until November. Tramadol worked extremely well for my back pain and elevated my mood quite a bit.  (Always a great thing for the husband and kids.)  I stopped taking it altogether 3 days ago because I'm convinced it lowered my libido and it was making me gain a few pounds.  I'm not a big person at 5'2" and 112lbs.  Someone had told me that it does aid in weight gain. The side effects of withdrawal are true and include (for me anyway): body aches, irritability, mood swings, sweating and dizziness. Unfortunately, my back pain has returned.”2012For Pain:		“Tramadol does not work for me I still have a lot of pain after using it and I get bad headaches and leg cramps”2012For Pain:		“Excellent pain reliever for chronic headaches after brain tumor removal.  No high like Vicodin and relief lasts longer with no bounce back pain.”2012Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“50 mg (2 every 6 hrs) has worked wonders on my pain. I have a small cerebral aneurysm (too small for surgery yet) that causes me to have a terrible ongoing headache (for almost 3 yrs now). If taken consistently, it keeps my pain very manageable. I weaned myself off of antidepressents when I was in my 20's (I'm now 37) but depression crept back up on me. When I started taking Ultram, the depression symptoms WENT AWAY. I do have TERRIBLE withdrawals though. Otherwise, its been a lifesaver for me! Thumbs up!”2012For Pain:		“I have a pinched nerve in my pelvis and for about a month I couldn't sit on the couch or a stool or even lay down in bed without severe pain in my lower back and even into my leg. My doctor put me on the tramadol and for the first time in over a month I was able to sleep with no pain. My only complaint is that it makes me feel incredibly itchy, I got great sleep, but I do remember rubbing and itching my face all night.”2012For Pain:		“I have osteoarthritis. As I live in England, my treatment, thankfully, is free at the point of service. Otherwise I now could not possibly afford treatment, and without both Tramadol and co-dydromol the pain is intolerable.

Even both together do not wholly alleviate the pain and I do find that after a few weeks I my body becomes 'over-tolerant' of these medicines and the pain again increases.

When this occurs, I either cut down from full dose or try and stop for a few days, and this seems to help these 'analgesics' to work fully again when I increase to full dose again. However, the pain in the interim is so unbearable I can do little physically, and stairs are almost completely unmanageable.”2012For Back Pain:		“I was first told about tramadol by a friend. I was tired of taking Lortab for a herniated disk, at first it was good but after a few months of going to the doctor I thought maybe I would see if I can stop taking it and so I did. That was the worst week of my life. I went to the doctor at an insta care and was told that I was suffering from withdrawal from the tramadol and addictive. I was shocked my back doctor had told me that it was safe long term and non addictive. I then went to my doctor, he said no, no, but you should never just quit any medicine. So after a year I started taking more of the tramadol noticing I needed more to keep the pain away. ”2012For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 2007 and have been taking Tramadol and Soma ever since. Using both of these, plus Cymbalta, is the only way I can function through the pain. ”2012“I was in a head on collision and have 2 herniated disc, nerve damage in my neck and back, and rheumatoid arthritis. I was given Tramadol 50mg and it did nothing to my pain. I had to go to a pain management Doctor and he changed it to Percocets 10/325. I was on those for 2 yrs until I had to start taking 4 of them in the morning. I wouldn't take anymore during the day because I had other medicines to calm my pain. It was very easy for me to get off them because I didn't take them all day... just in the morning. Well I went back to my Doctor and I asked him about trying Tramadol again but maybe a higher dose. He put me on 100mg 4 times a day and let me tell you this medicine is wonderful. No side effects.”2012