Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Ultram has helped me greatly, it doesn't always take all of my pain away (of course!) but it truly takes the edge off and helps me to function. I have not noticed any side effects besides sleepiness especially when I take more than one tablet.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I used this medicine to kick major withdrawals from heavy pain killers. It took the edge off with Xanax. It doesn't work for pain though I can't imagine it working for anyone unless your pain is minimal.”2009Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am having great results with the Ryzolt. I have used and abused pain medicines in the past, making the issue of addiction a problem I had to devour. My pain persisted even after. I am carefully using the Ryzolt at one a day and am happy with my results!”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Works well for me...I have Multiple Sclerosis.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol is good if you are not willing to take narcotic pain relievers. I am 23 years old and have had arthritis for most of my life. Tramadol helps the pain in my hands and knees. I also take Oxycodone 5mg for the awful pain in my neck/shoulders/hips. It gives me extra energy which opiate pain relievers do not.  I recommend this to anyone who has moderate pain but doesn't want to take more addictive medication.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“After being hooked on it from cancer and heart surgery, I find myself unable to come off the  drug and be able to sleep. I am now stuck on 200mg a day”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I underwent a two-level lumbo-sacral spine fusion (2-level PLIF) in 2007 and have been on Tramadol for chronic pain since then.  I find that Tramadol works as well as most opioids with less impairment at similar levels of pain relief.  I HAVE experienced two seizures thought to be caused by Tramadol while I was titrating upward on the drug, but have had no problems since.  I have tried titrating off of Tramadol twice and in both instances experienced moderate withdrawal symptoms of the opiate type almost immediately.  Overall I consider it a very effective analgesic for chronic low back pain with few side effects, but would recommend a prolonged titration off of the drug if you decide to discontinue use.  I give it a thumbs-up.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Ultram is the only medicine that stops the Fibromyalgia pain.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis 2 years ago. At the same time I was in early recovery for addiction to pain killers (prescribed for pain,if your pain never stops you continue to use as prescribed and you are addicted). I had to have something so my Doctor told me about tramadol. I take 4-6 50 mg a day for pain. No side effects. Don't know how I would have got along without it.”2009For Pain:		“Take for chronic neck/shoulder (caused by car accident).  Previously taking hydrocodone.  Tramadol is fast acting and lasts longer.  Gives you a calm, relaxed mood.”2009For Pain:		“Mild relief for lower back pain.”2009For Pain:		“I've been having lower back pain since I was about eight. I'm now eighteen and doctors have finally discovered I have a degenerative disc. There's nothing they can do about it, is basically what they told me. I've now taken Tramadol twice. Though it does decrease my pain greatly, I suffer from severe migraines and nausea. I would recommend Percocet. I don't get any side effects from Percocet.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been on this for quite some time for pain. After I had my gallbladder out, in 2007, I started having constant pain in my right side that feels like a side cramp that you get after running. Anyway...Ultram (Tramadol) has worked the best of everything the doctor has had me try. It gets rid of a lot of the pain and I've had no side effects.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I took Ultram for over a year after herniating a lumbar disc.  Apart from fatigue, a little dizziness and the usual constipation that seems to accompany most pain medicines, I had no major side effects.  It did not eliminate the pain, but decreased it enough for me to function for the most part (sit, drive, sleep).  However, over time my system became accustomed to the drug and it did not work for me anymore.  Thankfully, I had minimal withdrawal symptoms.  I have since tried Neurontin (Gabapentin), Nortriptyline and Topamax for chronic pain, with mixed results, and significantly worse side effects.  Still no long term solution for the pain.”2009For Pain:		“It relieved my pain, but after an hour I was throwing up and quite shakey.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Aside from occasional nausea if I don't take it with food, I find it takes the egde off my lower back and arthritis pain.  Causes some drowsiness so I don't take it when I need to drive.  Works better for pain than pretty much anything else I have tried.”2009For Pain:		“I have had success with using Tramadol for neck pain. But recently after about 6 months of use, am exhibiting some of the common side effects which include headaches, trouble sleeping and sweating.”2009For Pain:		“Works decently.”2009For Pain:		“I found this drug pretty good for pain, but that came with some anxiety which I had to take Valium to help with that.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have had 2 back surgeries 3 months apart from each other. My Neurosurgeon told me my spinal canal is to narrow for a fusion and there is nothing more to be done. In years gone by before some Doctor's really believed I had a pain problem. I tried Ultram, it did NOTHING, but my body was used to 200mg of Morphine and 120mg of Oxycodone. I since have found a wonderful caring pain DR. I take 4 x 30mg of Oxycodone and 19mg of Methadone 2 times daily and I can walk, very sluggish and am tired but I can walk.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking Ultram for three months now for a compressed lumbar disc. I have had no problems with it like I did with narcotic pain relievers (serious withdrawals when I did not need the medicine for pain).
It does cause some drowsiness and once made me feel nauseated, but all-in-all I like this medication much more than any codeine-based pain-killer.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“I am being treated for "fibro like" pain. After suffering with these unexplained pains my doctor put me on tramadol and amitriptyline. After 3 days on the medicines, I feel like I have my life back. I am sleeping so much better, I am able to do everyday activities with very little pain and my overall mood has improved! The only side effect I have noticed is wicked headaches.”2009Ultram (tramadol):		“My doctor perscriped it and I am alcoholic.  That is not a good combination; espesically since he knew I was alcoholic.”2009For Pain:		“I have not been on Tramadol for long but have already experienced stomach issues and very little relief for the pain involved from my torn meniscus!”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“I started having symptoms of degenerative disc disease at age 19 - and was told I would have to learn to live with the pain; since then it has become worse and I now have other areas of my back affected, my hips and knees - and an injury to my ankle that will not heal due to the fibromyalgia, and I keep re-injuring it (they will not operate). In addition I have arthritis and bone spurs in various places. Tramadol is one of the first medications to help with my chronic back pain.. but it gave me the most intense headaches.”2009For Pain:		“62-year-old male with long standing osteoarthritis.  Under my doctor's supervision, tried many arthritis medicines with varying results.  She took me off the one that worked best due to possible conflict with my heart disease.  Now taking tramadol 50mg as needed with good results.  I occasionally have some symptoms which might be side effects, such as sweating, dizziness, interrupted sleep, decreased appetite, and others, but they are so mild and infrequent that I can ignore them.  The dose works about an hour after taking, and lasts for about 4 hours, giving me a major mood lift along with the absence of pain, a real spring in my step that lets me enjoy gardening, exercise and work instead of just limping around. A major improvement in my life!”2009For Pain:		“I have severe leg pain caused by renal failure and I have arthritic knee joints. I was taking Solpadol effervescent for 3 years but the sodium caused high blood pressure (be warned) I went on to Tramadol 50mg but after 3 months use I was feeling unwell on wakening from a nights sleep so I stopped use AND SUFFERED TERRIBLE WITHDRAWAL SYMPTOMS nervousness, unable to sleep, anxiety and pain. I was prescribed Tramadol slow release (SR) capsules 100mg and they have been brilliant for pain, no problems for at least 5 years. Recommended.”2009For Pain:		“I have severe back pain due to a herniated disc bulge - the painkiller enables me to move.”2009For Pain:		“Just slightly more effective than ibuprofen and vicodin but still not for moderately severe to severe pain.”2009For Pain:		“Works great for me, a little constipation and itching but that's all the downside effects I have. I feel like my life is mine again, don't care if they are addictive as long as they keep me out of the amount of pain I was in, read all the horror stories on the internet, for me they work a treat, gave me a life again, thank you Tramadol.”2009For Pain:		“I only question whether or not it is habit-forming.  I've been on it for 8 months now to help with FAI in both hips.  Hopefully after my surgery I can live without it.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have severe lower back pain. My Doctor had prescribed Lortab 10/500 which was effective for a period of one year. I noticed that all though this medication never really killed the pain, it made it tolerable and allowed me to live a normal life. After sometime I had noticed Lortab lost some of its effectiveness, and did not want to increase the dosage. Doctor prescribed Tramadol to replace lortab. I feel it works great and have zero side effects. I use it 3 times a day(50mg) tabs.I was worried about a symptoms of withdrawal from Lortab, but none materialized.”2009For Pain:		“I have L4 and L5 disc protrusion and was on fentanyl, norco, gabapentin for over a year. Now that I am taking Ryzolt, which my Doc gave me a FREE 14 day supply which I thought was cool. Anyway I just can't seem to beat this pain. I guess my expectations are too high. I guess the pain never really goes away just hides while on medicines. I had issues with dependency, sorry for the spelling. So I am a 40 yo living with constant pain. It truly is a terrible thing.”2009For Pain:		“Been taking for a couple of weeks works good for me just had open back surgery 4 weeks ago with cage put in L-4 5 FUSION, cut out stenosis of spine have degenerated disc disease, take 3 pills 50mg a day with extra strength Tylenol if I need it. 8 more weeks I want to come off all these pills if I can handle the pain. Good luck guys.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“It stopped leg pain at night.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I hurt my knee and was given this for pain. Gives me a headache and doesn't real curb the pain.”2009“This drug made me feel that my heart was vibrating. The doctors in the hospital checked to make sure that I did not suffer a heart attack.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Seems to take the edge off the chronic back pain caused by compressed disc. I've been taking this medicine for well over a year. No side effects or ability to function.”2009For Pain:		“Prescribed for lower back injury. This pill is small and powerful, It took a bit of getting use to I think it is more powerful than the 5mg hydrocodon I am prescribed now. I was given 50 mg tablets one tablet three times a day but the third pill made me thirsty, very thirsty and sometimes dizzy and I had to eat before use or nausea became a serious issue. I took two a day and tylenol for several months until I began having mild pain in my groin that escalated to numbness my doctor has me using hydrocodon now when needed and I use tylenol for a break from the toxins when needed.”2009For Pain:		“I've been using Ultram/Tramadol for the past 15  years for lower back pain. Without a doubt they are a life saver for me I've tried several different pain relievers... Vicoden, Percocet, OTC and termal patches and they don't provide the relief that Ultram does. The side effects I've noticed is sweating and sometimes decline in appetite... But the benefits outweigh these minor effects. With that said I must also say that if I have some other sort of pain in different parts of my body I can't honestly say they help. ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I just started taking this medication.  It works wonders.  I have been in chronic pain for over 3 years and needless to say, constant pain puts me in a terrible mood.  This medication not only relieves the pain in my joints, but also helps me psychologically.  I'm not sure if it is the medicine or the fact that I am pain free for the first time in years.”2009For Pain:		“I suffer with severe arthritis in both my knees and both ankles, and this drug is the only one that has given me any relieve from pain. I have tried many others before this but had no success. Even though I am in constant pain, this does make it bearable.”2009For Pain:		“I've been on Tramadol for about 2 years after a car accident for severe upper back & neck muscle pain.   It has helped me for the burning pain, but not at all for sharp pains.   Overall I think it is more effective than the Oxycodone/APAP that I've taken.   I also take it without food and my stomach never hurt.  It works almost exactly an hour after taking, and for me it controls the burning pain for about 4-6 hours.  I take 100 mg. at a time - I've found that only taking 50 mg. at a time doesn't work.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Ultram/tramadol for the daily pain I am in due to being crushed from the waist down. I only use it when Tylenol or ibuprofen will not work, which is maybe once a week or a handful of times per month. Ultram does help take the edge off the pain most of the time, but on occasion, just doesn't help. I need to be sure I have food in my stomach before taking it or it will make me pretty nauseous. It also keeps me up at night if I take it late in the day. I haven't had any issues concerning withdrawal from it, but it may be because I do not use it on a daily basis, but only when needed.”2009For Pain:		“Did not have much effect on me.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Took first dose of Ultram and started have severe nausea.  Recovered after 36 hours.  Unsure  that it caused the nausea since I had a flu shot that day, I tried it again two weeks later and again experienced severe nausea which ended again after about 36 hours. ”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“Let me break it down really simply, Tramadol is an excellent pain reliever but is addictive! DO NOT take this medication through pregnancy.  Wean off of it before you give birth and let your baby withdraw in utero. My son was in withdrawal for 10 weeks and I never told the Doctor I took the drug, so no one knew what was wrong with him.  He didn't sleep, trembled, and cried for 8-10 weeks straight.  He has no developmental delay or physical impairments, but the first 2 1/2 months of his life were brutal.  Wean off, please!”2009For Pain:		“I am currently taking Norco 10/325 for neck and lower back disc problem. It works right away but is short term. I tried Tramadol 50mg and found it takes awhile to kick in and makes me feel sluggish. I also had to take more than instructed to get similar relief which gave me a headache. Please be careful as the withdrawl effects are very unpleasant and make you sick. I am staying with the Norco, as it works for me.”2009For Pain:		“I have found this medicine to be more effective with less side effects than hydrocodone. I am able to function and perform daily tasks without feeling high and it actually helps the pain not mask it.”2009Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have had constant back pain and hip pain from an accident two years ago. The pain was treated with a variety of narcotic pain medication ranging from Vicodin to Roxycontin. Eventually developing a dependency I managed to overcome. But not being able to take narcotics anymore, I turned to Ryzolt and the results have been nothing short of miraculous. The pain is alomost completely gone. I highly recommend it for people who have had problems with narcotic pain medication.”2009For Pain:		“I was prescribed Ultram for stomach issues (possible irritable bowel syndrome).  It did wonders for the pain and completely replaced my need for Vicodin. I also randomly found that it also cures my restless leg syndrome. I only take 4 x 50 mg pills every other to every 3rd night in order to avoid immunity and addiction. This drug has worked much better than any other drug I've tried.”2009For Pain:		“Work quite well for me. Obviously a little side effects but works for the pain. Everyone has different tolerance levels for medicines!”2009For Pain:		“Fully effective with my pain.  I've noticed some light-headedness that was very mild.  I woke up once to find my legs and arms quite heavy and difficult to move but I had had a few drinks the night prior with the medication...so, my own fault!”2009For Pain:		“I have lower back pain and this medicine helps just a little. It does make me nod out a little right after taking. I was using Vicoden before and it worked much better for the pain and didn't make me feel as strange as tramadol did but the doctor doesn't want to give me Vicoden even though I have 2 fractured discs and a tear in my vertebrae. ”2009For Pain:		“Have back pain, Dr. gave me this to take with Norco 3xd. I didn't think it would help being "non-narcotic" but has taken my pain from sometimes an 6 with hydrocodone to maybe a 3 or even 1. HOWEVER I have experienced WITHDRAWAL symptoms. I don't know how to detox because you're not supposed to cut them in half. Anyway, if you get dizziness and like mild electric shocks in neck head when you don't take it, it may be from this drug. I'll still take it because it helps so much.”2009For Pain:		“I have chronic and often acute Oteoarthritis in my back and especially in my neck. The latter being caused by most likely some "whip-lashes" but also from playing the violin since 1972. I have always been active and while I have a Masters in Education, I have worked most trade positions as well to finance my education. Many if these involved very heavy lifting (i.e. delivered and carried furniture) and on-your-knees work (laying carpet and tile) Professional House Painter. I hurt and still run, but I have been given opiates from some time. Yes, I have grown dependent, although it has been worse. Will power has been just enough, but Tramadol is a great substitute, initially and then used less and less until another sprain. ”2009For Pain:		“I fell down in May & tore my cartalige and ligament in my knee.  My GP prescribed co-codamol which was absolutely useless, but he insisted it would eventually work. After an MRI scan they suggested that I use Tramadol with paracetemol.  Well what a transformation. The pain has almost disappeared, but with a little discomfort in the night when my leg is straight.  My mother is allergic to Tramadol & I was worried that I may have strange feelings that she did but it is a wonder drug.  Can't wait for my operation.”2009For Pain:		“I take Ultram for ongoing back pain - works great. Does not make me tired like Percocet or Vicodin- very few side effects.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Had surgery in 01, then I re herniated my lumbar discs.  I use a tens unit, pain patch, and lots of aspirins.  My doctor prescribed Ultram 50 mg 2x a day or as needed. Haven't taken it everyday because I get sluggish at work. Works great for the pain, but makes me VERY tired. Also, I wake up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep.”2009For Pain:		“For low back pain from herniated L5/S1 disc, I take 4 Ultracet (150mg tramadol) daily and up to 4 more when the pain is bad (300mg/day max).  This allows me to deal easily with breakthrough pain.  It is much less habit forming than Vicodin and works just as well for pain relief.  I am able to "manage my medicines" easily with this.  I didn't like the extended release (Ortho-McNeil brand name Ultram ER) as it seemed to hit too hard and then run out at like dinner time.  So I dose 4 times a day as the Tramadol seems to last about 4-5 hours.  The only downside I've had with Tramadol is an occasional short headache.
I also take Gabapentin, usually 1.2 - 1.8 grams/day depending on the pain level.  Gabapentin works well with the tramadol.”2009For Pain:		“Review interaction with other medicines.”2009For Pain:		“I take Tramadol for sciatic pain in my hip and leg, along with Gabapentin. They for me, relieve my pain very well. I rate this drug a 9 out of 10.”2009For Pain:		“Found that the pain I was experiencing was much too severe to be treated with tramodol.”2009For Pain:		“I was on 7.5/500 Hydrocodone 6-8 x daily for 2 years, for knee and lower back pain. I stopped and quit taking Vicodin because I was just taking it for the good feeling and yet, it was doing nothing for my pain. Vicodin only helped me cope with the pain. After I quit I told my doctor and he put me on tgramadol 50mg 8 times daily (400mg of ultram/daily), and for being a non-narcotic synthetic pain medication I have to give this a 10. I have been on tramadol for over a year now and it works better on my pain, than any opiate pain killer does. Tramadol does not give you that high feeling, but it a great alternative to opiate narcotic pain killers. I do have pain, but a lot less now then when I was on opiate pain killers.”2009For Pain:		“I have rheumatoid arthritis, recently diagnosed after 4 yrs of foot and shoulder pain. I was prescribed Tramadol and think it is pretty good. It does lessen the pain (not completely in my case) and does not appear to have any adverse effects. I think a lot of what makes the difference for the various afflictions is a proper dosage for the type of pain. 

Unlike the harder narcotics, I can definitely work/walk/etc. and be alert while taking Tramadol. 

So far so good. ”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“This is an exceptional drug for pain relief but the side effects far outweigh the pain relieving benefits. I took Ultram ER,300 MG for 3 months for low back pain and like I said it was a savior for my pain. However, I started to have some strange dreams with muscle spasms, constipation and extreme fatigue. I stopped the drug about 10 days ago and have finally started to feel better. I am 73 years old and in good health, except for the back pain.”2009For Pain:		“I use Tramadol for chronic back pain. At times it seems to diminish in effect. I then discontinue use for a week or so and when I resume taking it, it seems to be just as effective as when I first started using it.”2009For Pain:		“I DID NOT have a good experience with this medication. I was taking vicodin for chronic low back pain from an injury 4 months ago. I wanted to try something different to see if I could have less side effects than Vicodin. I waited for a weekend when I knew I'd be staying at home and I'm glad I did. I took 50 mg at 1pm and it did not help with the pain at all, so I took a 2nd (as advised  by my doctor) at 4pm. I felt tired when I sat down, but energized if I kept moving around. It definitely suppressed my appetite for the rest of the day, which that part is fine. By the end of all of it, I was itching like crazy, felt very tired, and the pain had not been managed at all. I'll stick with Vicodin for now. ”2009For Pain:		“This medicine made me itch all over, dizzy, nauseous and break out in cold sweats.  My doctor gave it to me because it was non-narcotic but I've never had these side effects with Vicodin.”2009For Pain:		“Works great with no side effects.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have found that Ultram ER does not help the Restless Leg Syndrome. ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I take 100 mg "as needed" for chronic neck and shoulder pain after dual AFDC surgery which left me with some major nerve damage.  It doesn't totally relieve my pain, but it makes it tolerable. One dose makes me nauseous with or without food in my stomach. If I have a bad neck day and take 2 doses I will spend the night throwing up so I never take 2 doses any more.”2009For Pain:		“I have used Tramadol for over 5 years. I am on a 200mg slow release tablet of which I take 3-5 a day. They say that it decreases the heart rate but it seems to me that last night when I checked my heart was doing 190/min....so that blows that theory out of the water. I can tell that it does make you restless and at times reckless and also increase your anger responses. Hope this helps.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“I have fibromyalgia and rheumatoid arthritis.  While waiting to find a medicine to work on the RA, I have been in severe pain in every joint and every muscle in my body.  My doctor prescribed Tramadol to be taken with 1000 mg of Tylenol every 4-6 hours.  (I didn't see many posts that mentioned the Tylenol).  It has been a miracle for me.  I'm mostly pain free but very fatigued, which could be from the diseases and not the medicine.  I have a headache upon waking but it goes away as soon as I'm up and about.  Getting going in the morning is the worst part, but the medicines are helping.”2009For Pain:		“This medication didn't make me "high" but it did majorly decrease my pain.  It also seemed to give me quite a bit of energy.  I wouldn't suggest taking this around your sleeping hours, at least until you get used to it.  ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“This medication did nothing for my pain. Had to stop taking Ultram after 5 days due to extreme agitation.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol combined with Tylenol has been a great help for back pain”2009Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“Excellent product”2009For Pain:		“I like this medication, but get some constipation.”2009For Pain:		“Although it does relieves some of my I get constipation. I take 100 mg every 4 to 6 hours. My pain is relieved for approximately 2 hours then gradually comes back.”2009For Pain:		“This medicine should not be stored where it receives direct sunlight, changing temperatures, or humidity changes (i.e. bathrooms). I learned this the hard way recently. My prescription sat on my bedside table in front of a window with morning sun exposure and when I took a dose recently I felt lethargic, incoherent, and outside of my body. My husband told me I fought in my sleep and cried out for my children, I tossed and turned for several hours but he couldn't wake me up. I was not told how to store this medicine and I didn't think I was doing anything wrong.”2009For Pain:		“Very effective and no side effects at all. I have taken them for about 7 years for nerve pain. I need them in order to be able to sleep, while I can mostly live without during the day.”2009For Pain:		“I take 1 to 2, 50mg tablets of tramadol a day (a very small dose) for a pulled nerve in my brachial plexis. I have been on it nearly a year. My prescription calls for me to take 1 to 2 tablets every 4 hours or as needed. I am able to get by on just 1 or 2 a day. I find tramadol not only relieves the dull pain in my neck and the other short-circuit issues one faces with a pulled nerve, but it also lightens my load, so to speak. In other words, I feel less anxious and overwhelmed when I'm on it, but it's all very subtle. I don't feel like I'm drugged out. I take a VERY small dose each day.”2009For Pain:		“My pain left but the medication left me quite nauseous.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“I have fibromyalgia, Rheumatoid arthritis, and have had two back surgeries, the second one 22 years ago. Tramadol did not reduce my neck, shoulder, or lower back pain noticeably. I hadn't recognized that my increased symptoms of nausea, headaches, lethargy, irritable bowels, or poor sleep might be related to the drug. I took myself off Tramadol (no warnings from my doctor about side effects taking Ultram or going off Ultram) and felt worse. More nausea, pain, irritable bowels, headaches turning into migraines. Desperate, I changed my diet. Low carbs, lots of green veggies, high protein, healthy fats, small amounts of whole grain rices. Pain is still there, but I feel more in control. I still take Voltaren and Flexeril.”2009For Pain:		“Best thing for lower back pain when you pull a muscle.”2009For Pain:		“My dentist perscribed Tramadol yesterday because of an abcessed tooth.  I see an Endodontist this morning.  It helped with pain, but I have not slept one minute all night.  My mind raced all night.  I was so sleepy, but if I closed my eyes I had movie like images racing.  I have never been on any kind of "speed" but I feel like this is what it would be like.”2009For Pain:		“Makes me feel spaced out in a strange way.  Like a zombie. Headaches and feeling a bit sick too. My Nan can't take it either.”2009For Pain:		“I cracked my pelvis in two places after wrecking my bicycle.  I was given Tramadol HCL upon leaving the emergency room.  I have taken 1 (50 mg) each day for three weeks and sometimes 2 especially during the first week following my accident when the pain was most intense.  The most troubling side effect for  me is blurred vision.  I sleep well after taking the Tramadol and am relatively pain-free for about 6 hours.  However, no more for me.  I just can't take the chance of dependency.  I will try and manage with over the counter medicines instead.”2009For Pain:		“I have ankylosing spondilitis. Although it relieves some pain, it makes me very drowsy and lightheaded.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I've been taking Ultram for nerve pain related to a herniated and degenerative disc. I tried opioid narcotics with NO relief. I could barely walk around and could not sit. Within 45 minutes my pain dropped from a 8/10 to 3/10. After a couple of days my pain was 1/10. The only side effect I experienced was slight dry mouth. It works great!!”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“A doctor gave me Ultram with Trazadone for a sprained wrist and insomnia/anxiety. I took them both at bedtime and by morning I was throwing up with one of the worst headaches of my life, on my birthday. I threw up all day.”2009For Pain:		“Just what I needed.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This medication worked very well to ease my ankle pain.  However, it left me feeling a little forgetful after taking it for a few days.  It also made me very drowsy.  But I was not in the severe pain that I had been.  The most negative reaction was when I stopped taking the medication.  The following day I felt nauseous, shaky, dizzy, and had the cold sweats.  The withdrawal symptoms were very unpleasant.”2009For Pain:		“This does not take the pain away.”2009Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“Very good.”2009For Pain:		“I had taken Tramadol in conjunction with off label use of Neurontin for bulging discs and a horrid backache, the worst of 20 years. After about 4 days, I felt great. Then about 1 month into therapy, I drank a beer and had a seizure about 1 1/2 hours later. It caused me to go into respiratory arrest. My doctor never cautioned me about drinking ONE beer, despite the fact that I'd told him I did drink. His lack of foresight caused a situation in which I nearly died. As a result of the seizure, which occurred while I was standing, my L4 was shattered and I was left with nerve being compressed by bone. It has caused me permanent nerve damage and a limp. ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have used Ultram at night along with Xanax. It does allow me
more sleep than before. Usually around 4 hours. I do notice a 
headache, especially if I take a second dose later at night, I will wake with a headache. I've bee taking it for about a year but do not notice any withdrawal if I miss any doses.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am 29 years old.  I have fibromyalgia and hypermobility disorder.  Without this drug I would be worthless.  I used to be a grumpy person that could not accomplish anything without major difficulty.  I have taken Ultram ER 300 for the last 3 years. I have never been without this medicine for more than 12 hours.  I am now 3 days off this medicine because I ran out by accident.  This has been the most miserable experience of my life.  I am on the verge of getting written up at work.  I can not focus.  I feel horrible.  I cant go to sleep at night and I cant wake up in the morning.  This is truly miserable.  I feel as if I am being hit by a truck several times a day.”2009For Pain:		“All it did was make me nauseous 50mg dose.”2009For Pain:		“I have been using tramadol for three months.  I herniated two discs two years ago.  I have found tramadol very effective and I do not suffer from any of the side effects.  I take 300mg per day.  It is a brilliant pain relief and is serving me well.  I reduced my dose when the pain I experienced between doses eased and I didn't have any side effects.  I am also taking fluoxetine and gabapentin (as a pain relief).  It works well for me.”2009For Pain:		“I'm taking 50-100mg per day for hip/lower back pain, the cause of which is still unknown. It enables me to keep working (I am a cleaner) and walk my dog, do housework, etc. by taking the edge off the pain. I think it's exacerbating my pre-existing insomnia though. Also I am on Cymbalta and Topamax and worry about the combination causing seizures. I would hope the pharmacist would warn me if there was a danger.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I found this drug to have very little effect on my fibromyaliga, even when I used the maximum dose prescribed by my doctor.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Ultram for a severe sore throat, couldn't eat or drink. I was taking Cymbalta. The combination caused a seizure. ”2009For Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol (200mg every 12 hours) for several years now for chronic back pain (the side effects of Polio). It only dulls the pain, but this helps me to get around from day to day. However, there have been a few side effects, such has headache, disturbed sleep pattern, excessive sweating.  I have been on various types of pain killers but this one seems to work the best for me. One warning, don't just stop taking this medication, the withdrawal effects are quite unpleasant.”2009For Pain:		“This is the only medication that has relieved the pain due to osteoarthritis, in my knees.  A side effect I had was sleepiness and drowsiness.”2009For Pain:		“I have found Tramadol to be quite effective for short periods of time for severe back pain, when no other pain medication has helped.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Hi, I just thought that I'd add this comment for you. I have recently been diagnosed with fibromyalgia, hepatitis, and lupus. But before my diagnoses, with no insurance, I went to the hospital when I couldn't take the pain anymore and was prescribed Ultram 50mg 2x a day. At first I took 1 and then another and so on until I reached six in a 4 hour period. When it finally started working it hit me like a ton of bricks. Needless to say I was pain free. So my advise is start with 2 and wait, it just not an instant relief like codeine. Unfortunately your body does become immune to its effects within abut 3 months. Now I am taking 4 roxicodone a day and also adjusting to that quickly too. Good luck to all of you.”2009For Pain:		“I've been on tramadol for almost two years for neck and knee pain. I have a lot of break through pain. When I don't take it I will sleep all day. I don't think that's right but my Doctor doesn't even ask any more, he just gives me the medicine.”2009For Pain:		“My doctor prescribed Tramadol for a painful displaced shoulder 50mg twice a day. My shoulder healed but I then realized that the constant achy legs and feet that I was experiencing, especially at bedtime was completely gone and I continued to use.  I read up on this medicine and did become apprehensive, but when I visited my Doctor and explained the situation she said there was no harm.  Yes, if you don't use regularly, you will get uncomfortable side effects, but when my legs and feet start aching again, it takes about 2 doses before it goes away again.  My Doctor didn't not speak of any harm in taking this medicine on a regular basis.  It does also seem to keep me on an even keel.”2009For Pain:		“My hand got trapped between the tennis court and my racquet and shoulder. My clotting factor was 4 times normal due to too much Coumadin (warfarin) and am also on Plavix. The hand immediately puffed up to 3 times normal size. Obviously Aleve is out of the question, especially with an INR of 4.14. In ER they gave me Percocet, which worked fine, but I broke out into a rash and hives.  I was then given Vicodin, but that did absolutely nothing even at 3 x the prescribed dose. It didn't even make me drowsy, let alone affect the pain.

I was then given Tramadol, 100 mg.  This works! I got at least 6 hours sleep for the first time in a long time and no burning, itching rash.  It also does not make me as drowsy as Percocet.”2009For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol after wrist surgery because I had an allergic reaction to Vicodin.  Unfortunately, it seems I cannot tolerate very many medications.  Tramadol barely dulled my pain, and it did not even help me sleep.  Instead, I developed nausea and dizziness the day after taking it.  At first I didn't connect the nausea and dizziness to Tramadol until several months later when I took it again for severe wrist and back pain and had the same reaction the day after taking it.  I wish it would work for my pain, but it seems I only get the negative side effects.”2009For Pain:		“It didn't give me any relief from my back pain.”2009For Pain:		“Takes about 45 minutes to an hour for the effects to set in. Works significantly better when taking the tramadol with an over the counter pain reliever like Advil or Aleve. Do not take on an empty stomach, as it can cause nausea.”2009For Pain:		“This is the only pain drug I can take and still be able to function.”2009For Pain:		“The stuff works pretty well for my arthritic joint pain. I asked my doctor for the lowest possible dose (50 mg) and combined with parecetemol (acetaminophen) and codeine you get a synergistic effect so I can get by with a relatively low dose. When I got the prescription filled and the pharmacist said, ‘maximum of eight per day’ I said incredulously, ‘Eight did you say eight?’ because I couldn’t believe I’d heard her right and the pharmacist smiled and said, ‘you’d be surprised at the number of people that take eight per day’. Clearly there are a lot of people abusing this drug.”2009For Pain:		“It gave me a bad headache and didn't take away my pain.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol is the only good pain relief for me.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been using Ultram for about 2 months. I think this medicine works very well for pain, however the withdrawal side effects for me have been bad. If I stop taking this medicine for two days I experience cold sweats, hot flashes, can't sleep, my legs get restless at night. I find that I have to take the medicine without having pain, just to feel like my normal self again. The restless legs is probably the worst part of the withdrawal symptoms. It does however work fairly well for pain if taken regularly.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol has rather limited positive perceivable impact on opioid-tolerant patients such as myself. Chronic discomfort makes it difficult for me to focus on external tasks, but I do believe this synthetic preparation has a place in late stage rehab where patients are required to slowly step down systemic pain treatment.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have had great success taking Ultram ER 100mg once a day and 300mg gabapentin 3 x day. They seem to cancel each other's side effects out. ”2009For Pain:		“Serious reaction to this - vomiting and itchy skin.”2009For Pain:		“I was put on 200mg/day for low back pain (disc degeneration). At first, I noticed a great improvement in my mood. I think this should be studied more for the treatment of depression. I also had increased energy, and an overall feeling of well-being. My pain level dropped a little, but not a lot. I think this is a good drug for moderate, but not severe pain management.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had a very serious seizure combining Ultram with Prozac, something which unfortunately many doctors are not aware of (like my brother, who is an ER doctor and disputed me that this was the cause until I steered him to the relevant literature, since I too am a scientist). However, I was also at fault for forgetting to tell my doctor that I was taking Prozac from my primary care doctor. I essentially was out for several minutes, severely bit my tongue, had a concussion from hitting the floor. I was very close to getting into the car to take my 5 year old to preschool. So please, please, be very very careful when mixing prescription medicines.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had restless leg syndrome for years. Unfortunately it is genetic, and it has been passed on to my daughter. I have tried many things and nothing works like tramadol. At this point in time, I only need 75 mg each night. I sleep all night. It has literally saved my life in terms of quality. I know the doctors don't always like prescribing it but if they had RLS, they would know how horrible it is. I would rather take this and feel great than worry about it being habit forming and feel awful. What if it is habit forming, I need it every night or I do not sleep. I take high blood pressure medicines daily and for the rest of my life so why not tramadol. I monitor my use and do all I can to remain healthy. And I have no side effects.”2009For Pain:		“Just rating.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Ultram was prescribed for me for low back pain of unknown origin.  Unfortunately, I would say that the medicine only knocks the pain level 2 points on the 10 point scale. It allowed me to function, but did not take the pain away.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“This medication did not work for me at all.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am a long term ultram user (maybe 5 or 6 years). I have osteoarthritis. Now I feel like I am taking the medicine just to get rid of the headache and runny nose that I get when I do NOT take it. I am trying to STOP taking it and maybe switch to arthritis strength tylenol. At least I won't have a headache and a runny nose. I think it addressed my pain very well some years ago but now it's not working because I still have arthritis pain.”2009For Pain:		“I had a severe toxic eruption from this medication. The inflammation, severe burning, itching, pain, and later the flaking of skin. It was horrible.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have adhesions related to multiple abdominal surgeries and some nerve damage as well. I was on Vicodin for 6 months and was referred to a pain clinic. Being a nurse I had seen Ultram used in the hospital with good pain control. I suggested I try it and stop the Vicodin. It was an incredibly easy transition and the benefits were immediate.

I too have noticed a definite mood stabilizing. I was having mood swings on the Vicodin that were affecting my relationships with others. I feel calmer and my pain is nearly gone at 200mg daily. I am so thankful for having relief. I think it's a wonderful drug.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“It helps me a a lot. I can move around more now. The only time I can't move is when it's raining. But other than that it helps my fibromyalgia greatly.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibromyalgia for about 10 years and Ultram really helped for the first 5 years. After that the effect started to decrease until they had to change me to something else because it is not a long term drug. I loved it because you could take it and there were no feelings of sluggishness. It just took the pain away. I wish I could still take it with the same relief as when I first started.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“This drug did absolutely nothing for the level of pain I've been experiencing. The doctor's "group" would not allow him to prescribe anything stronger or more effective. This unfortunately is not the magic bullet for chronic pain.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Ultram was helpful for my muscle pain associated with the fibromyalgia. It did not make me feel 'dopey' or 'high' or more tired, etc. However, I would have to eat a substantial meal before taking it and then eat an apple or something after I took it or I feel on the verge on vomiting. 
It made me so nauseated if my stomach was not completely full.”2009For Pain:		“Gave me a "hyper" feeling instead of drowsy.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have torn ligaments in my shoulder along with tendinitis and was prescribed 50mg every 4 to 6 hours.  I have received no pain relief from this medication.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Works well, last for about 6-8 hours.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This pain reliever is not the best, but it helps sometimes. It helps me sleep at night. One thing I don't like about it is unlike some of the other pain relievers I've taken, I built a tolerance to Ultram a lot quicker than to any other.”2009For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol 50 mg for a herniated disc. Two days ago I was not able to move because of the pain, I even had my legs buckle a couple times due to intense bursts of pain. 1 pill will dull the pain to a manageable level, 2 stops it completely. It does make me a little sleepy, but drinking coffee during the day kept me alert enough to work. I've had no problems achieving an erection, but have not been able to "finish". That is the only side effect I've experienced to far. I am taking it with naproxen as an anti-inflammatory.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been on Ultram for 8 years and has made my life bearable. I have many spinal problems. Anklosing spondylitis, slipped discs, bambooing vertebra, degeneration. Been through eight surgeons no one could do anything practical but exploratory butchering. They were honest not wanting to play with it. This drug has been a life saver for me. No side effects. Even helps with tooth pain. I only need 1-2 per day and only use as a cushion not using everyday and only if I have an active day. No withdrawals at all.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol made me so queasy that I couldn't sit up or walk without feeling nausea. Didn't touch the head pain.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have multiple hernias in my low back and neck. My doctor abruptly stopped my Vicodin because I had used it long term and was losing the effect of pain relief. Started Ultram 400mg a day. No withdrawal symptoms from Vicodin. My pain level though didn't improve from the Vicodin. I still feel the same as I did as the last few months of Vicodin use. I have had bad withdrawal symptoms in the past from fentanyl and am a little worried about having to come off Ultram someday as it appears to be hard to come off of. So basically it works like weak Vicodin for me and I have had some erectile dysfunction symptoms as well. I saw someone else comment on that. I'm young and never had any type of problems. I also take Lyrica 150mg three times a day.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Since starting Tramadol 2 years ago (300 mg daily), I've been symptom free from restless leg syndrome with no side effects.

Prior to Tramadol, I experience acute pain in legs when inactive during the evenings. A sleep study also revealed moderate leg twitching during sleep which interfered with REM. I was prescribed Requip 4mg but had a couple of very bad reactions (sudden onset of acute sweating and nausea).

I also take Tramadol for mild chronic back pain. Breakthrough pain can occur due to the relatively low strength of Tramadol compared to other prescription pain relievers. However, it's more accessible due to it being a non-narcotic, non-scheduled drug. 

”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I was taking Ultram ER 100 mg once a day along with Lyrica with no real relief. My doctor upped my Ultram to 200 mg once a day and I feel much better. I can't believe the difference the dosage makes. Off course, being time release it does take a while to kick in, but I found I can work a longer day sometimes.”2009For Pain:		“I have arthritis in my knees and the tramadol helps me a great deal.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This medicine barely touched my pain.”2009For Pain:		“It helps tremendously with the pain and swelling of my hands and the joints in the fingers, due to arthritis.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have been using Ultram (tramadol) for over 8 years for my fibromyalgia pain.  I started on it for a shoulder and neck injury, and it worked so great, I have been able to stay on it. In those 8 years I have actually lowered my dose by less than half, and get through a day on 75 mg.  It keeps me working.  I can not take it late in the day or it keeps me from sleeping well.  If you are in pain, moderate to BAD days, I suggest you try it in moderate levels.  It will not help for headaches for me.  Stopping to take it will produce withdrawal symptoms after a time. Be prepared to go through a miserable, cranky day.  Good luck, and feel well.”2009For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol taken as prescribed has given me my life back. It is not a cure all but where I am at now is far better than where I was last year.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I currently take a combination of Ultram(Tramadol) and Cymbalta and feel better than I have in years!”2009For Pain:		“Sometimes the dosage does not give relief. I am now trying the 150mg at night and 100mg in the morning.”2009For Pain:		“I take tramadol for back pain and to help sleep if need be. ”2009“I currently have been taking fentanyl 100 patches and oxycodone with APAP 5/325 mg for pain. I have arthritis degenerative disc disease, lumbar spinal stenosis, nerve damage, inflammation in eyes and almost every joint in body. I also walk with a cane at the age of 32. I have still been having pain thoughout the day. I started to take the Ultram ER 200 mg and it has worked very well. So well in fact that I rarely have to take the oxycodone with APAP. That is great. Plus, I no longer walk with a cane.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I currently use fentanyl 100 patches and oxycodone with APAP 5/325 mg. I have still been having pain thoughout the day. I started to take the Ultram ER 200 mg and it has worked very well. So well in fact that I rarely have to take the oxycodone with APAP. That is great.”2009For Pain:		“Not good enough”2009For Pain:		“Terrible side effects, difficult withdrawal”2009For Pain:		“I didn't know anything about this drug and was on darvocet when my workmans company suggested I switch to this. It was a little weak at first but then I got it into my system on a regular basis and it seemed to dull my pain. Both heels were crushed in a fall and I had reconstruction surgery. This does make me sleepy and is terrible to get off of. I had every symptom of withdrawal listed. I had to call my doctor back and be put back onto it. BEWARE.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“My Girlfriend got me on tramadol because I had a toothache once and said it would help. Anyway to make a long story short I took it a few times and ended up getting addicted to it. It helps with RLS that I have and helps me sleep BUT when I'm without it I cannot SLEEP AT ALL. The withdrawal is horrible. I don't know if I should be mad at her for introducing this to me or mad at myself for getting addicted to it. If you are not prescribed this by a doctor, do not take it because you become dependent on it. I look back and I was never like this.”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have had Fibromyalia for years and have been prescribed many different pain medicines. I have also been seeking less pharmaceutical ways of dealing with my pain. One doctor prescribed tryptophan to me and I thought it was great and have had to use less pain medicines because of it, however I did not know that it was classified as an SSRI so when my new doctor prescribed tramadol to me and bumped me right up to the highest dose and I took it with my tryptophan I got really really sick. It took me a few days to figure out what was going on but I was having a major drug interaction called serotonin syndrome. Be careful. Yes, this drug works wonders on pain but can be dangerous with many other drugs.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“This medicine was useful at first then your body adjusts and you need more to make it work. Well they gave me more and I was also taking Prozac for anxiety, and Trazadone to help with sleeping. Turns this combination of antidepressantss and Tramadol can cause serious drug interactions, so if you feel that something is just not right speak to your doctor as I did.  It saved my life.”2009For Pain:		“I have chronic pain in my spine, neck and shoulders. I take 4 50mgs a day along with 2 10mg lexapro. I'm a 59 year old diabetic. My quality of life has improved a lot in the 9 months I've been taking it.”2009For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for a herniated lumbar disc and sciatica after trying several other painkillers in vain. This is the only painkiller that has given me any relief and I can feel it working immediately. I also take Diclofenac and find this to be a great combination. Night times are still a problem for me but during the day the pain has significantly decreased. I've had a couple of side effects - dry mouth and occasional sweats but I'm willing to put up with them for some decent pain relief at last.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was using Ultram when I had foot surgery and it didn't affect me. I stopped taking it because it was not helping with the pain. I just took Motrin.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been using it for 3months now. I skip using it for days at a time but then the pain comes back. I use it mainly as an inflammatory and mild pain removal from a back surgery I had in 1997  It does make me jumpy but when I combine it with Xanax. It evens me out and I feel I can do anything. I am also taking percocets for times it does not take the pain away completely. Now, I am starting to feel normal and evened out mentally.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“This is definitely my miracle drug.  It allows me to continue working and even seems to have a slight mood elevator.  I have suffered from fibromyalgia for years and the only other pain relievers I have found to help also made me drowsy and unable to function mentally.  The only thing I notice from tramadol is relief.  I have a sister with fibromyalgia and it doesn't help her in the least so you just have to try it and see.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have been taking ultram for 5 years now. I take it to help with the chronic pain caused by fibromyalgia. It is the only drug that I have taken that allows me to perform tasks without experiencing extremely intrusive pain. I am 27 years old and without this medication I do not believe I could have reached the goals that I have today.”2009For Pain:		“I have been on so many muscle relaxers and pain control medications while waiting for hip replacements that it was unbelievable. About four years ago my Doctors (Air Force Type) put me on a steady regimen of tramadol 50mg tabs up to 300mg per day dependent on pain and I have been able to completely manage my pain and even walk in short bursts (Sometimes with a cane but that's still walking in my condition) it is an amazing revelation.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“works great”2009For Pain:		“I was given this drug for severe throat pain after going to the ER because the Tylenol with codeine wasn't working. I took it that night and was blessed with a good nights sleep. The next day the pain was still severe so I kept taking it every 4 hours as prescribed but I could not stay awake. My last dose was last night and while it helped me sleep and took the pain away I woke up this morning still no pain but a migraine and vomiting and very bad sweats. I think my body is already going through withdrawals. So I have decided not to take it anymore. I still have the shakes and I feel numb and can't think straight at times.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“This drug is great, however the first two weeks I had trouble staying awake in the morning and at night. I also had trouble waking up in the morning the first week. Once that was over though, I felt like my old self.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Ultram helped me quite a bit but after several months of use I developed an allergy causing hives.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“13 year failed back surgery patient. Just winged off methadone. Received no relief from Ultram ER 300mg at all!”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking Ultram for about 2 weeks now.  The pain is still there but not as sharp as it was.  The only side effects I have encountered is cold sweats and erectile dysfunction.  I have heard that this medication causes the erectile dysfunction but did not believe it until now.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This has been a horrible experience. I have been on this for 6 months. It was effective for one week. I felt fantastic for that week. No pain at all. But since then the constant aching in my legs has progressed to keeping me up most of the night practically in tears. Now I am stuck in the fun task of getting off the medication.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication for chronic severe neck pain.  I was taking 50mg per day.  While it worked to eliminate pain, I experienced constant nausea, vomiting, light headedness, and many symptoms of serotonin syndrome since I also take celexa each day.  Seroonin syndrome is serious and dangerous and can increase the likelihood of seizures.  Also, I'm taking this medication at night and it keeps me awake all night instead of allowing a good night's rest.  ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This medication did not help my pain and made me feel "wired".”2009For Pain:		“Very, very good for back pain.”2009For Pain:		“I was prescribed this medicine for a bulging disc and sciatica in April of 08. The doctor told me to take 2 x 50mg tablets of Tramadol along with one 800mg of Skelaxin and an 800mg of motrin. The first day..just after taking the 2 x 50mg pills...I started sweating..felt faint..and wound up vomiting. I spent the rest of the day in bed. The pain was gone..but I had flu like symptoms for two days following. I called my doctor and he told me to lower the dosage to just one 50mg pill of Tramadol a day. I didn't vomit but I had the same side effects again. I'd feel fine for a few hours then for the next day or two I couldn't focus without getting an intense headache. I couldn't walk without being dizzy and losing my footing.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol is a wonder drug.  I've been taking it for 3 years.  It takes care of my minor arthritic pain.  More importantly, it just makes me feel good everyday.  I take one 50mg pill in the morning, and one mid-afternoon: far less than the 300mg allowed per day.  I've tried the 300mg ER tramadol, but had to stop after 2 days. Kept me working busily till 3am each night, but I was dizzy and nauseated on the 2nd day and the day after, so I stopped.  Tramadol has done something else.  I used to drink too much on a daily basis because of stress.  Once I started taking Tramadol, I liked that feeling better and without the hangover.  In 2 months, I quit drinking altogether. ”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol after a herniated disc in my lower back and 50mg gives me great pain relief for about 6 hours.  If the pain is really bad then 100mg works wonders as well.  I have not experienced any negative side effects.  This medicine also puts me in a GREAT mood and helps with some symptoms of depression which makes it much easier to get through the day. I would recommend Tramadol to anyone experiencing pain.”2009“I was prescribed Tramadol for lower back pain.  I knew that Vicodin worked for me and was weary at first.  It is a great substitute. It just cuts through the pain and lets you function normally.”2009For Pain:		“I was given this medication by the urgent care doctor. It took a while to work, but when it did it lasted until the next day.”2009For Pain:		“I have been prescribe tramadol for nerve pain in my feet due to Charcot Marie Tooth Symdrome.  I take 50 mg daily; sometimes half it if if I'm not doing much walking/standing.  It is very helpful to me.  ”2009For Pain:		“I got put on tramadol today for pain in my back after falling on the ice and hitting the cement stairs in front of my house. About ten minutes after I took it my back felt a lot better. I was not sleepy and I am able to function and get things done while taking this medication. It helps tremendously and I strongly recommend it to anyone who has to take care of children. This works because you don't feel "out of it".”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I love it. It takes every pain away. It takes 2 hours for the full effect. I feel it starting to work after about 25 minutes.”2009Ultram (tramadol):		“I have been taking Ultram for about a month now. I had hip surgery in November 2008 and am still having some residual pain. It gets severe at times. Ultram works wonders, though ever time I take it, I do get very euphoric and excited. This lasts about 2 hours. This symptom has not decreased since I have been taking it, but has never interfered with driving or other activities.”2009Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Ultram has offered better pain control for chronic pain due to back problems.”2009For Pain:		“ZALDIAR- 37.5 mg tramadol/ 325mg paracetamol -tablets were prescribed to me every 4-6 hours for chronic pain following a severe leg infection and ulceration that wouldn't heal. I tried other over the counter pills including paracetamol, but couldn't sleep at night or concentrate on anything with the pain. ZALDIAR has been great - provided you don't forget to take it. If you do the pain comes back very quickly. Side effects so far - very dry, horrible tasting mouth, loss of appetite (a good thing) and feel a little confused at times and forgetful (maybe that's just age) and a little nausea. Feel so much better now pain is under control - thanks to those who invented tramadol.”2009For Pain:		“Tramadol (Ultram) is just fine with me.  I've been on it (various doses) for six years now.  It is the only pain medicine that has worked consistently without negative side effects. I take it for chronic nerve and myofasical pain caused (in part) by degenerative cervical discs. I have tried several drugs without positive results. Ultram has been the only reliable constant source of relief.  Note:  For those that are experiencing sleep interruptions, take your dose an hour or two earlier. ”2009Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I am now 19 years old. 2 years out of HIgh School I severely broke my hand from a fight. I have never felt so much pain in my life. I underwent 3 surgeries, 3 plates and 24 screws later my hand was somewhat normal still a lot of pain. Now im getting ready to leave for the United States AirForce and can not take narcotic pain medication. My doctor recommended 200mg Ultram ER. IT WORKS WONDERS and it doesn't show in my drug screening. I never thought I could take one pill a day and be pain free.”2009For Pain:		“I use Tramadol for bad abdominal pains. It works well for pain but recently I have had to stop taking them as I suffer from the following side effects: agitation, constipation, itching, mood changes, sweating and vertigo.”2009For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I take it for back and neck pain. As for Restless legs it does nothing to stop my legs playing up. After it has left my system I have back and neck pain again, and can't get out of bed or walk without a walking stick.”2009