For Pain:		“I used this drug on a as needed basis, about twice a week.  It worked well even though I noticed some changes in my body and mind. I would get a slight stiff neck and became lethargic with blurred vision. I caught a bad cold and kept taking it. It seemed my cold symptoms would not go away and every time I took a pill I would get a very sore throat and stuffy nose and I didn't care about much life. I will not be taking  tramadol anymore but wish I didn't have these side effects because I was pleased with the other benefits.”2017For Back Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for about eight months for arthritis in my back. I used to take norcos 5/325 for the pain but it didn't help. Tramadol works so good when it comes to my back pain it's the only thing that helps. But the bad part about it is the itching and insomnia.”2017For Pain:		“I have thinning cartilage and arthritis which causes continual knee and leg pain for several years.  My condition also leads to multiple sprained knees and torn ligaments.  I have been regularly prescribed  tramadol but truly believe it has not helped at all. Other OTC drugs have better effect.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I had severe RLS and have tried all of the RLS meds. They seemed to work for a little while. Horrible side effects. My research indicated the most effective treatment, opium, of course in this day and age would be impossible. So I read everything I could find on Tramadol, "an opiate" It seems that all who were prescribed it for pain found that their RLS miraculously disappeared. This happened with me also. It was prescribed after neck surgery. When I became convinced that it worked I told my Dr. outright that it worked and was the only thing that has, with no side effects. Prior to it being ok'd for RLS I do have another condition that is treatable Klippel Feil .I have a script of 300XR and 50mg.”2017For Pain:		“Tramadol does not work at all.  I'm happy to see it helps some people,  but by the looks if it not many people get any relief from taking it.  I am concerned about the person taking aspirin and ibuprofen.  I got reflux from that and barrettes esophagus from doing that.  I'll never touch either if them again”2017For Pain:		“Tramadol is worthless for pain and when you stop it, get ready for withdrawal symptoms like you wouldn't believe.”2017For Pain:		“I suffer from frozen shoulder and have had it in my left shoulder and have developed it in my right shoulder now. Having had this condition before, I done quite well managing the pain with therapy up until I fell down stairs and ended up tearing ligaments in my dominant shoulder. Frozen shoulder is painful enough but to add this to the mix is miserable. My ortho prescribed yet again tramadol 50mg every 4 to 6 hours for pain. I know I don't suffer near the pain most of the people on this thread do, but this "pain pill" is not even touching this pain! This is my second time taking it and again its not working. Either I'm a whimp or this stuff is just candy in disguise. I'm scared for surgery especially if this is all he prescribes!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Dec. 20017
I'm 61 years old. Had a liver transplant in 2009. It rejected and had a 2nd transplant in 2011. After recovering from 2nd transplant and being weaned off effective pain meds. I found I had all over body aches and pains that were not very pleasant to live with. Doctors refused effective treatments but relented to Tramadol. I find it slightly more effective than Tylenol. I now take 2 extra strength Tylenol every morning with 100mg Tramadol twice a day. It gives me enough relief to function. But that is about it. I would be much happier with Opioids but since so many people abuse them Doctors refuse to prescribe them.”2017For Pain:		“This medication is a joke. Doesn’t work at all.”2017For Pain:		“Tramadol is like a cruel joke.  Something the doctors grudgingly give you while they moan and groan over the people in the street who don't bother to ask a doctor for relief.  After two years of constant pain I think I'm developing a syndrome long term pain sufferers are familiar with but doctors deny exist.  They won't even name it because then they could be held responsible for the neglect and abuse involved in not treating pain realistically.  At the present I can't come up with a label that doesn't involve profanity.  Meanwhile I have to pretend the pain isn't robbing me of a life I could have the stomach for.  Sick of waiting for the tides of pain to subside enough so I can do something to fool myself that I still have a life.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on this medication for about 4 years due to Ankylosing spondylitis and I find it pretty effective.  However, I have found that this medication caused unexpected side effects.  It was pointed out to me that shortly after taking a dose, I undertake massive projects that I normally wouldn't, become extremely talkative, insomnia and motivation that wasn't there originally.  I was diagnosed as being bipolar a year ago and these are all symptoms of the "hypermania" aspect of Bipolar disorder.  My doctor has found that Ultram put me in a "manic state" and when the medication begins to wear off I tend to become anxious and agitated.  There are studies reflecting this online. I would not recommend this medication if you are bipolar.”2017For Depression:		“I am a 65 year old Male and suffer from depression. My Psychiatrist prescribed Tramadol 50mg daily.  I have been taking it for three years and it works terrific.  I have tried SSRIs in the past but did not have any success.
I have heard horror stories about the withdrawal symptoms of Tramadol so I have taken some days off or decreased my dosage to test and experiment the withdrawal effects -- but I am not sure I want to go through the rest of my days bummed out and unproductive. 
I have heard all the stories about working out, proper diet, self-talk etc...  I am very disciplined in adhering to these principles -- but it does not help my depression.
Just my two cents. 
Jerry”2017For Back Pain:		“I was diagnosed with Spinal Stenosis after many years of untreated back pain (the pain would come and go over last 30 years). I was afraid to take Tramadol 50 mg when I read all the reviews and side effects. One thing I made my self understand is that everybody different.   After taking Tylenol for Arthritis, 650 mg, reg Tylenol 100 mg, to no avail. I opted for the Tramadol and pain was reduced (not eliminated) good enough for me to do normal functions. I have not tried walking long distance or standing long time yet. My Neuro Dr. prescribed physical therapy and Gabapentin( I am really afraid of Gabapentin's side effects) so I will stay with Tramadol and Physical Therapy for now.”2017For Pain:		“My orthopedic surgeon decided to prescribe Tramadol 50mgs once every 4 -6 hours. This was for pre operative pain relief. I am bone on bone with my right hip. DOES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING for pain. Prior to the Tramadol, I was given Vicoden 5/325 every 6 - 8 hours for pain relief. When I called back for another script (on schedule) I'm told that I would become opioid dependent and that they wouldn't be able to effectively manage my pain after surgery. First of all it made me nauseous to the point where it felt like someone poured draino in my stomach, second it made me sleepy with zero energy. I'm on warfarin so I can't take ibuprofen, which works wonders for joint pain, so this is a conundrum...bottom line Tramadol is useless!!!”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I'm allergic to codeine and can't take NSAID so for daily management of my arthritis and other pains I take Tramadol 50 mg usually 3 sometimes 4/day. I've been taking it for 2 years now, when I forget I feel horrible. I take tylenol in addition to that. It allows me to move around and get things done.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was having trouble finding a medication that could help my aching bone pain. The pain was so severe I could not sleep most nights and could not even walk. 

Tramadol has helped a lot. It doesn't take away all of the pain but it takes away just enough I can sleep and walk easily.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have been going thru some terrible leg pains from long ago and even some fractures and restless leg syndrome. Finally had a  podiatrist treat me with tramadol. It was a miracle worker for me after trying every over the counter thing I could try.  I had to even give up my job because I couldn't walk for the 10 hours. I have lost insurance and now my podiatrist pulled my script until I can afford a appointment. I'm hurting so bad and at a loss. I just wish it was more available.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“My story is just so similar to so many on here. I have had severe leg pain in my calfs since I was about 10. I would wake up crying and when presented to a Dr I was told they were just growing pains. In my early 20s it got much worse.  The pain was unbearable and the RLS drove me crazy with the not sleeping I was loosing my mind. I was given some tramadol after some dental work and immediately felt the effects of the pain being gone and the shaking and twitching was completely gone.  I noticed that when I stopped taking it, by the next day the pain and twitching would return.  My Dr had no problem prescribing until they made it a controlled substance.”2017Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol extended-release 100mg reduces my herniation disc (neck) and pinched nerve pain from an 8 pain level to a 2. Sometimes need an extra 50mg of IR and alternate advil and Tylenol for added pain relief.”2017For Pain:		“Didn't notice any pain relief with this medicine.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol for musculoskeletal pain is fantastic...a rugged lifestyle over many years left me with extreme continual pain..Tramadol has allowed me to live a normal life over the five years I have been taking it. I have not had to increase the dose to maintain the pain relief.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Yo Fellow Pain Endurers ~
    34 yrs. suffering Severe chronic pain from 10 hr. preventive surgery & 5 Disc Fusion re: rare form of Spina Bifida, Tethered Cord & resulting Scoliosis. Avoided ALL meds for 29 mind-bending yrs. 'till I was @ life's end. Despite sad pathology Pain MD's Rx'd Gabapentin/Prednisone/Tramadol. Seriously ~ pharmas actually make this candy?! Utterly, entirely, completely Useless Rubbish ~ Regardless of dosage/strength I didn't feel I had taken anything ~ AND was 100% med Naive!  Met a Marine full leg amputee who treats rare pain w/Tramadol. God Bless him! After Butrans/Oxy/Methadone ONLY partial relief came from high MS Contin/IM & Fentanyl Patch/IM. Thank God!!! Peace out.  Matt”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Worked some at first but over 3 months it no longer offers any reduction in pain.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I been taking tramadol every four months to get a break from Lortab.  Been on Lortab for about 8 years, I'm not addicted to it because I can stop anytime without any detox issues.  I have 2 knee replacements,  rod in my right femor, lower back fusion. I'm only 54 yrs old.  So I need these meds.  Tramadol doesn't take my chronic pain half away, but it allows me to move around.”2017For Pain:		“I have excruciating pain due to Psoriatic Arthritis (hip joints) and Recurring Painful Sciatica due to my Lumbar issues (herniated L2-3; bulged L3-4, L4-5, L5-S1,; borderline stenosis L2-3; 5mm perineural cyst L3-4). My PC sent me to a pain management specialist, who prescribed me to BUTRAN skin patch 5 micro-gram which never worked to reduce pain.  The instruction was to start TRAMADOL-HCL 50mg per day, 7 days after Butran. " Only 4 days"  into TRAMADOL, I woke up in the morning with stabbing pain in my right eye. My upper right eyelid was warm to the touch with tears in it. In the mirror, it was reddish color and swelled up. Called the doctor immediately. Without reducing it actually increased pain.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I took this for pain for frozen shoulder for almost 3 weeks, RLS went away!”2017For Depression:		“without going into a long story, I feel much better on tramadol even if only 1/2 to 1 tablet a day, w/out it, I feel pretty shitty at times, similiar to flu symptoms, depression, anxiety.  I'm hesitant whether to tell this to a psychiatrist, how likely would they go along with it or encourage getting off of it, it's been very hard to get off even this low dose”2017Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Absolute trash. This medication DID NOT relieve my pain. Just another rubbish medication to make drug companies wealthy.”2017For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol by my gynecologist to help combat my debilitating menstrual cramps that OTC pain relievers couldn’t touch. For many months it worked wonders, giving me enough pain relief to go from bedridden and in misery to completely functioning.

However, I was unaware that one of the rarer side effects of this medication was a risk of seizure. I took a dose this morning for my cramps and ended up having a grand mal seizure and ending up in emergency care. I have no prior history of epilepsy, and the doctors seem to believe that the Tramadol is the cause and have discontinued it from my regimen.

When this medication does work, it can be a godsend. But be cautious, as the side effects can be horrible.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“does not treat moderate to severe pain, it is like taking speed, I do not know anyone who benefits from tramadol”2017For Pain:		“Worthless for pain. I want to give it a one but it's not moving. Nothing for the pain from scoliosis or restless leg pain.”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“When Tramadol was first released as Ultram years ago, it seemed more effective.Now with so many genaric on the market,as with any drug it's full of fillers.
    I was on Ultram about 5 years then my doctor (due to insurance) put my on Tramadol. Despite the pharmacist opinion that it's exactly the same. I know my body very well and it is NOT the same. Unfortunately I got no pain relief and stop taking it”2017For Pain:		“I suffer from my L4 & L5 Disc herniation, knee problems where sometime the injection of Cortisone works and then sometimes not and recently I broke my shoulder in 3 separate parts now going on the 4th time that I re injured it again. My previous doctor went out her way to make sure that I didn't have pain . Unfortunately now I had this new Doctor who decided that tramadol  was the best thing for my pain . It didn't do anything for my pain  Her or my pain management Dr didn't even seem to care.  She finally prescribed 5 mg of oxycodone and I am a big guy! This does doesn't help me. Beacuase of bad apples we have to pay with very little pain relief.”2017For Pain:		“I took tramadol for chronic migraine and neck pain did nothing and made me vomit for 4 and a half hours horrible drug .”2017For Pain:		“I use tramadol as an alternative to triptans like Amerge and Imitrex. Unfortunately I get 20 - 25 migraines a month. I am scheduled for a meds update with my neurologist and will be giving Botox a try. I have been more concerned about the rebound issue than addiction. A one month refill lasts me more than four and on those wonderful days that I don't have pain, I don't take it. Those periods can run from 3 - 6 days. The tramadol rarely kills 100% of the pain, but I'm usually functional. The Amerge and Zomig were giving me terrible stomach pain and palpitations. Tramadol has been very helpful for me without any issues. However I do make a point of regularly reviewing my usage with my doctor.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Good pain control but caused confusion, nausea, restlessness.”2017For Anxiety:		“Hi all.
I used tramadol for pain from Ankoylosing Spondylitis.
But I also suffered depression.
Once I started taking this medication for pain, over the months I noticed my depression was going. I was happier my life was beginning.
I have more confidence out going again. And I know don't over think.
I had been given antidepressants in past. Nothing worked.
But my pain medication does the job well.
Have other people found this aswell????”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibromyalgia for 14 yrs. My second Dr. put me on Tramadol 50 mg every six hrs or so, and Ultram 300 mg slow release at night. I also take Celexa for depression. This combination gave me my life back. I would not have survived without these med's the pain was too intense.”2017For Back Pain:		“After Meloxicam stopped being effective for my DDD back pain my doctor prescribed Tramadol.

I did feel a little nauseous after taking the first 50MG tablet, but the quick pain relief and reduction in muscle tension was dramatic. The next day I noticed my thoracic back was flexing as I bent over in the shower, the first time in years. It seems to have broken the vicious cycle of pain causing muscle tension and muscle tension causing pain.  My mental state has improved as well, due to being out of pain no doubt.

My sleep is much improved.

I have not experienced nausea taking Tramadol again.

I read here about dependence and withdrawal. so I will reduce my dosage to one 50mg tablet every other day and stop prior to being on it for a week”2017Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I broke my knee, and all the cartilage came out of the back, I hate NARCOTICS,  having bipolar issues, as well, . Ultram is right in the middle, takes pain away , ENOUGH, so I don't have to concentrate on me!”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“Four years ago I went septic from Enbrel.  I am unable to take any kind of RA medicine.  I have been taking Tramadol since last spring.  It works better than Norco.  Cannot take Tylonal with codeine because  I'm allergic to it”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Had bad luck with Ultram and never took this garbage drug again. I have Chronic Spine Pain and 23 Major Spine Surgeries. I have DJD, bilateral, lumbar adhesive arachnoiditis and Neuropathic pain in left leg ( thigh area) with anterior and lateral nerve damage from lumbar Spine surgery. Now have to take Neurontin 400mg capsules for this leg pain. Also, Ultram made me very uncomfortable and did not like the sensation whatsoever. Did not help my Pain at all and side effects make me tell them I am allergic to the drug. I do not want anything that doesn't assist my Chronic Spine Pain! There are plenty of opioids that help me so much better. Just have to work well with my Pain Specialist.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was on hydrocodone 10/325 through my pain management Dr, mind you it didn't take away my pain completely but it helped a lot. I was sent to a different pain Dr and he started me on tramadol 50 mgs every 8 hrs. The worst medication I have ever taken! Not only does it not do anything for the pain it has made me feel ill. Severe headaches and just an all around feeling of being unwell.”2017For Pain:		“This works well for me IF I take it with aspirin and tylenol. By itself, it does little - it would not be worth getting.  It also helps with sinus and/or migraines, again, only coupling it with aspirin and tylenol.  I have never had any of the "interesting" side effects that people describe, nor addiction.  I use it when I need it.  I can't help but think that the "druggies" (as someone else put it - pretty good descriptor) just THINK this stuff acts like a narcotic, and voila, placebo effect.  I just had to get a newly state mandated drug screen for this med.  I was squeaky clean, but also got a bill for $911 from the lab for the screen.  Thanks, druggies, for making it exceedingly difficult & expensive for those of us who are legitimate.”2017For Depression:		“I was put on Tramadol for pain and a funny thing happened.   I noticed I felt more energy and overall well being.   I had felt a bit depressed over the years and they tried a few meds but none seemed to work.   I had surgery and was given tramadol.   Once the pain was gone - I stopped it and noticed I fell back into my old slump.   I was in therapy and tried everything.  Years later  I went to Mexico for business and saw Tramdol in the pharmacy.  I bought one bottle of 50mg capsules and said let's try this. 50mg twice a day.  Within 2 weeks people were commenting I seemed like I was happier.   It does not give me a high like hydrocodone and other opiate meds.   They need to explore this and stop shooting it down as an antidepressant.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this for a tooth infection. It did nothing to help elevate pain except when I added Tylenol and ibuprofen. I was also taking antibiotics at the time. Since I had to combine so many medications it would not be fair to discuss side effects. I hope this medicine works better for others.”2017For Depression:		“Using for over 5 yrs.  great for depression and feeling energetic.”2017For Pain:		“My doctor prescribed Tramadol because I am allergic to other types of pain medication and he believes doctors are treated like criminals if they prescribe Vicodin. I've taken Vicodin before, after surgery, and it works, but Tramadol barely touches my pain. It does, however, make my head feel foggy and my vision blurry. Tramadol also makes me extremely tired and weak feeling--like I could sleep every day away. Vicodin, however, helps relieve pain, gives me energy, and actually lifts my  mood. Strange. I am about to have 3 surgeries, so I have scheduled an appointment with a pain management doctor hoping she will be more knowledgeable and helpful. It's a shame that doctors can't prescribe what they know will work due to the addiction epidemic”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Takes away all pain. I was told that this is a drug that works differently for people. I am one of the lucky ones. Very quickly takes away all pain. I was given it intravenously immediately after surgery, first for a hernia and second for a cat bite that had resulted in a septic joint. My partner will not take it because it made her feel nauseous. I have no nausea. 
Interestingly, morphene had no effect on me despite being supposedly the more effective medication for pain. The lesson is that different people's bodies respond differently.”2017For Back Pain:		“RISK OF SUICIDE * WARNING * CAUTION * DON'T STOP TAKING YOUR TRAMADOL COLD TURKEY. My brother stopped taking Tramadol suddenly, without slowly tapering off. His serotonin level plummeted, he had a bad morning at work, and he committed suicide. Taking his own life was completely out of his nature. He was a pretty steady, content guy who deeply loved his wife and sons, and they him. Going off Tramadol cold turkey directly caused his death. SPEAK TO YOUR DOCTOR ABOUT TAPERING OFF, AND SEEK MEDICAL ATTENTION IMMEDIATELY IF YOU THINK ABOUT SUICIDE. Your loved ones and friends want you here.”2017For Pain:		“PLEASE PLEASE READ !!!
I was prescribed the medicine a few years ago... JUST now found that I could leave a  review ~ 
After q while ... I guess after the medicine got into my system at a certain level... I STARTING HAVING.. SEIZURES.. NOT REGULAR ONES... but one sooo BAD that I would have to have CPR... I would be "OUT" for approx. 45 minutes!!!  I would take my medicine and about 30 minutes later I'd "awaken" with Paramedics SURROUNDING ...NOT HAVING A CLUE WHY.... AND LYING IN MY OWN HUGE PUDDLE OF URINE... THE NEXT DAY I'D FIND BRUISES in the ODDEST places !  Like on the INSIDE OF MY UPPER ARMS AND ON MY FEET AND EVERY WHERE! And I would have simply been walking in an isle of a Vitamin Shoppe or sitting under a dryer at a Hair Salon.”2017Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“It works ok for my mild back pain.  It is not very effective for my severe back pain and broken rib.”2017For Back Pain:		“I have taken Tramadol of and on for 4 years.  I stopped taking it due to kidney pain on right side.  The Doctor insisted I take it for a back injury, told it him it gives me kidney pain and dismissed it.  Forward 6 months later when I took tram I would eat greek yogurt and kidney pain would go away, then one time had no yogurt took tram and pain stayed, increased and traveled to other side.  I went to Dr who  did urine test for infection which was inconclusive, 3 rounds antibiotics, an ultra sound, 2 CT scans, still no answers.  The pain has decreased by half as long as I don't stand long or do to much activity. Feels similar to menstrual cramps but only higher up and right where kidneys are at and like someone squeezing my kidneys, also sometime would feel like kidneys swelling up.”2017For Pain:		“Started tramadol years ago as an add on medicine with Vicoden (Hydrocodone) from a car accident shoulder injury. I stopped taking it because the Vicoden did the job. Then doc told me that new prescribing procedures advised against taking tramadol with vicoden. I switched to Tramadol only 100 mg and it works and lasts longer than Vicoden or even Percocet and I have more energy and I also have chronic depression and anxiety and Tramadol does make that go away. It is an unusual drug and seems to work well for some and not good for others. I suppose some people lack the enzyme to convert or metabolize Tramadol in to the more effective O-desmetthyltramadol also known as (Nucynta) so it doesn't work for them. Well. Have a nice day. No pain.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol 50mg, along with Gabapentin 300mg  and Baclofen 10 mg in October, 2016 due to acute back pain from my L5-S1 impinging on my spinal cord. I had a laminectomy on December 22, 2017. Due to the bad side effects of Gabapentin, I decided to stop taking it in March, 2017. I also stopped taking the Baclofen at the same time.  

I have continued to take the Tramadol 4x day. I have had no side effects from the Tramadol as far as I can tell. I am taking the original amount I was prescribed 10 months ago and it is working quite well relieving my chronic pain. I have interstitial cystitis, vulvodynia, osteoarthritis as well as lumbar pain from my L4-L5 herniated disks. I appreciate the pain relief I get. I am 69 years old.”2017For Pain:		“Not at all able to hold chronic pain back, at all. An ER Dr said who ever prescribed it was wrong because it does not help, at all, for Sickle Cell Disease.”2017For Pain:		“This medicine does not work for pain whatsoever. It's like something docs give to trick you into thinking you're taking pain meds.  IDK what's in it. It does not work.  Thanks druggies, for making it hard for people that are actually in pain short term to get effective meds.”2017For Depression:		“Tramadol is NOT an opiate.  It does act on the same pain receptors as opiates, but it does not have the same addictive quality as opiates and does not have the same risk of abuse as opiates.  You can become dependent on Tramadol, just as you can be dependent on SSRI's.  You can't cold turkey quit an SSRI without some really gnarly withdrawal symptoms and the same goes for Tramadol and opiates and tons of other drugs.  

I've been taking Tramadol for 4 years for general pain in my body due to end stage renal disease and osteodystrophy.  Since I've been taking Tramadol I have not needed antidepressants and I find that I function at a higher level with Tramadol than with any SSRI I have ever taken.  There are no negative side effects for me.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Amazing only medication I have tried that has relived pain!”2017For Pain:		“I've been prescribed tramadol more than once over the years and in my experience it is very ineffective. Ibuprofen and acetominophen both work much better and they both cost a lot less.”2017For Pain:		“Completely useless. I was given 5mg Oxycodone and 50mg Tramadol after a total hip replacement. The Oxycodone was 1-3 tablets every 4 to 6 hours as needed and the Tramadol was 1 tablet every 8 hours. After a month, I decided to wean off the Oxycodone and reduced it to 1 tablet a day (in the morning). I figured I could rely on the Tramadol to pick up the slack. I was wrong. The Tramadol does absolutely nothing for pain. I tried doubling the dose. Nothing. I tried tripling the dose. Nothing.  I'm not going to take 4. If my surgeon won't refill the Oxycodone, I'll switch to ibuprofen and tough it out, but I'll never take Tramadol again.”2017For Pain:		“I have been taking this pill for 3 years only 2 pills a day it doesn't do any thing for pain I take just to feel normal and do stuff I just found out  I'm 3 weeks pregnant I'm trying to get off it. Maannn it's so hard, feeling no energy, sick, sneezing, every inch in my body hurt specially my legs, my heart beating crazy and mix of pregnancy/ withdrawal depression I wish I never start it it's a nasty pill stay away from it .”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Female age 59 decent health other than  arthritis (Advanced hip arthritis with bone spurs ) No other meds. Prescribed 50mg Tramadol; 1 @ bedtime. Has not relieved pain at all. Jokingly thought pharmacy gave me placebo. No side effects whatsoever. Took it only on weekends in case I felt dizzy or euphoric so I wouldn't have to drive to work. Eventually will have replacement surgery, but so many factors involved so I  was excited when my 'new' Dr prescribed it. So disappointed! I've gone back to my OTC cocktails. Advil + Aleve or Excedrin + Bayer + Tylenol. On the weekends I sometimes go without taking anything to avoid tolerance build up.”2017For Pain:		“I was put on tramadol 100mg SR about 9 months ago for a very painful hip bursa and thin tendons. I was too afraid to get a cortisone injection. It made me feel strange at first and bad headaches. I already suffer depression and it seemed to help me out there as well as soothing my pain. I had no idea it was addictive. I have read so many horror stories about this drug that I don't want it anymore. I'm now taking myself off it slowly. I was only taking one tablet each morning and sometimes one at night if the pain was bad. I've started taking one every other day and my lord even that is so noticeable. Now I'm in  pain and also very highly strung, I'm going to build it so I can go more days without it until I'm off it. Please think very hard before taking.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Slightly more effective than tylenol, best when taken with tylenol, but even then not enough for my pain. I took for about 2 years, 250mg a day along with flexiril. When I went off it I felt a little depressed for 2-3 days, that's it. No addiction issues. I now I need something stronger, but what a laugh. The FDA and DEA are more interested in getting billions to help addicts than they are helping the 100 million chronic pain suffers in the USA.”2017For Back Pain:		“This medication works well for me. I do construction lifting and so on.”2017For Pain:		“I'd like say there are many misinformed people here. Tramadol DOES help all kinds of pain. Tramadol is an opioid, it attaches to the same receptors Oxycodone does, and it's a PRODRUG -- meaning it must metabolize via CYP2D6 liver enzyme to work. 
Once it's converted over, it turns into M1 aka o-deso (for short) which is 6-10 times more potent than Tramadol, where it's real pain relief comes from. So People giving it 1 star? 
They are lacking proper metabolism OR they are taking a P2D6 inhibitor (some antiacids, like tagament), grapefruit juice, among others. 
A 50mg Tramadol tablet in studies has SUPERIOR pain relief to 40mg codeine+300mg Tyneol, and also showed the same pain relief as 5 to 7.5mg of Oxycodone. It works for pain...”2017For Anxiety:		“I have chronic anxiety and have tried many many serotonin type meds over a 15-year span and have also suffered from depression very bad reaction to the meds.Being in hard labor  I worked all my life/Concrete-Tree removals-Underground utility work/water main repair etc...I have had numerous injuries to my back/neck/knees/hands/shoulders..broke many bones (comes with the territory) I was diagnosed with Degenerative disk disease and was prescribed Ultram 50 mg got up to 400 mg down to 300 now and what a difference not just with pain but my anxiety was reduced by at least 50% and depression was gone.My alertness increased and mood was elevated.Will try to stay on medication for life.Walmart had the med for $4-$12 if no ins.”2017For Back Pain:		“100mg twice a day. Horrible constipation but pain in my back and idiopathic neuropathy was dulled. Stopped cold turkey after 6 months and finally no longer gastrically a mess! I would rather have the pain.”2017For Depression:		“I originally took Tramadol for pain.  I previously had bouts with depression, which totally consumed me.  I tried Tramadol (50mg noon time and one at bedtime.  )
It pulled me out of the depression before it took me over.  Works great.”2017For Back Pain:		“I have chronic pain that can be so severe it makes me nauseated. Most days 50mg. every 4 hrs helps. But there are  days when nothing can touch my pain.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Terrible drug.  Give me headaches an restlessness.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been taking tramadol 50mg, and 300mg ER for approximately three years for extreme RLS.  I am at the maximum daily dose of 400mg. Over the past several months, I have been experiencing some daytime, and nighttime symptoms of RLS.  I have had the symptoms of RLS for approximately 40 years.  Both parents had RLS although neither were ever officially diagnosed.  I have been medicated for my RLS symptoms for approximately 20 years.  I have been prescribed everything imaginable during that timeframe, and always end up with the same results of augmentation.  I am so sick of this!  There is no quality of life when your symptoms begin to augment.  You can't ride in a car, plane, train, or do anything that confines your movement!”2017For Pain:		“It doesn't take the pain completely away, but it makes life tolerable. I can at least walk my dog and work while on it. It also does a pretty decent job controlling my depression that has come from having chronic pain. Only side effect so far is slight constipation, but I'll take that everyday as opposed to the ridiculous pain I was in.

Thank you Tramadol.”2017For Back Pain:		“I have spinal stenosis and osteoarthritis in my back. I was referred to the pain clinic and they put me on Tramadol after 4 cortisone injections failed to help the pain. I take one 50 mg tablet along with 500 mg of acetaminophen every 6 hours as needed. It works very well in relieving the pain for me. I don't take it every 6 hours, only when I feel I need it, otherwise, I just tolerate it. I have had NO withdrawal symptoms or negative side effects and it makes my quality of life a whole lot better. It isn't perfect, but it works fine for me.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“6 years ago my pain became unbearable chronic pain and my life was contained to a recliner chair I am 68 now after 6 years I am taking tramadal 6 to 8 a day 50 mg.  I am able to work part time, bowl once a week and attend my grand kids graduation. Now the gov got involved and reduced my dosage. Tell that to my chronic pain there throwing the baby out with the bath water so to speak we elders are forced to look elsewhere for relief what can I do to stop this insanity?”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Doesn't help my pain.”2017For Pain:		“Both my boyfriend and I have taken this after a car accident and it does nothing for pain and gave him withdrawals and gave both of us disturbing nightmares.”2017For Pain:		“As a person that took this medicine for approximately 2 years, leave this stuff alone! I started using this medicine after having pain from ulcers. When I first started using this medicine, oh man the feeling! I was in my early 20’s. I felt above the world, so much energy, I lost weight, I could literally having sex for hours upon hours. So being in college at the time and taking this, all I can say is OH MAN =D!!! But one night I got really depressed, like depressed as if my parents died level of depressed and my mom called my PCP. To make a long story short, I was told to wean myself off of this medicine. I took it a step further and stopped completely. It took approximately 5 to 7 days for the W/D symptoms to stop.”2017For Pain:		“sucks enough said”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been on it  for years for my Peripheral Neuropathy/Restless Legs . The Tramadol manufactured in Asia is mostly junk. My Dr recommended a pharmacy that orders a name brand generic form that works good for me. They are round tablets, the capsule shaped are not as good. The cheap stuff makes me agitated and restless. 

I take two 50mg tablets at bedtime (100mg). It gets rid of my nerve pain caused by type II diabetes. My wife says I don't kick her any more at night. I wake up feeling euphoric and ready to take on the day. It is frequently prescribed off-label as an anti-depressant. 

No it does not work good on back or muscle pain. Take Ibuprofen for that. Motrin 800 works good for back pain. You can take the two drugs together.”2017For Pain:		“This drug should be taken out of the market asap before it harms more people.  

Grandma had a not so serious fractured pelvis and was given this by the hospital.  She vomited everyday after meals and became confused mentally, like hallucinating.  She became withdrawn and weak.   We consulted a private doctor and he told us to stop taking this drug because many patients experienced similar side effects.

This drug also does not seem to help to ease the pain of grandma.”2017For Anxiety:		“I took this for pain when I had kidney stones and it wiped away my anxiety. It was incredible.”2017For Depression:		“I have treatment resistant Major Depression and as a result, I've taken so many drugs over the years that I can't list them all. I got kidney stones a while back and got tramadol to help me with the pain. It didn't help much for that, but it sure helped treat my depression. I talked with my primary care doctor about this and she's reluctant to prescribe it if it isn't for pain. As the result, I'm going to find a new doctor... One who knows a bit more about psychiatry.”2017For Pain:		“Absolutely useless! I was prescribed this after having knee surgery (miniscus) @ 1 every 6 hours, 50mg. After the anaesthesia wore off and I ad already taken my first dose of this is was in a lot of pain. I stuck to the prescription anyway. I didn't sleep at all and was up until 4pm the next day when I finally took 600mg of ibuprofen which did 10 times more than this garbage. I have given up on this "pain reliever" and an sticking to ibuprofen. If I could rate this drug other than the scale given I would rate it a -10.”2017For Back Pain:		“Worst stuff around.  Do not take this stuff! Doc started me out with 50 mg two times a day.  Wasn't relieving my pain, so got pushed to two pills every 6 hrs. It only take away some of the pain. When I wanted to stop taking the pills I went through 4 days of awful withdrawals even though he told me I wouldn't have them.  I hate that doctor now. I'm going all natural for the pain.”2017For Pain:		“I was given tramadol for back pain. It does not do much for the back pain but I noticed that is sure did something for my energy level and focus ability I have chronic fatigue I have severe fatigue all the time no matter how little or how much rest I get. I find that taking 100 mg of Tramadol when I get up and a 50 mg around 2 pm keeps me focused and feeling like a normal human being who can get normal human being things done all day. I explained this to my doctor and she now has stopped prescribing it to me because I am not using it for what she gave it to me for. I am so mad. I feel like a scolded child. I am a 45 year old woman who found something that worked for the condition that was depressing me to say the least because I was so tired just moving around”2017For Depression:		“Was prescribed for knee injury. I tried all sorts of SSRI,  SDRI , tricyclics,  etc. for unexplained depression. All of them had side affects so detrimental that it made me more depressed. Of course the so called doctors want to give you more drugs to counter the side affects all the while claiming your a border line heroin addict all the while having no idea what is causing the depression all the while suggesting it's all just maligned thought processes.Thank goodness I have arthritic knees. After taking tramadol by depression is gone . Fact. Every patient is different. Don't be pigeon holed.  I have been taking one 50mg per day for years. Works somehow. If it is placebo then why didn't all the other Meds work the same. For once I'd like to hear a Doctor just say " i dont know.”2017For Pain:		“This was like a worthless sugar pill. Does nothing for severe back and foot pain.”2017For Pain:		“I have arthritis and take tramadol 50mg it does absolutely nothing to relieve the pain in my hip or back. Doesn't help with neuropathy either. It seems to be a placebo fake med. I have real pain not fake pain. I can't go shopping or do anything I enjoy because of the pain. What kind of life is this?”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Did not work on my pain”2017For Depression:		“I lived most of my life feeling terrible and out of place. I was an anxious, low-self esteem, depressed guy. Everything took effort to accomplish, I had few friends because I was afraid of expressing myself and had almost no confidence in myself. I have been taking tramadol daily for about 6 months (100mg in the morning and 100mg after 5-6h), and I feel like a different person. I'm confident, have energy and feel like a normal guy. Keep in mind that at first you may feel some euphoria and you must not chase it by taking more. The anti-depressant and anti-anxiety effects will remain, while the euphoria will disappear.
”2017For Chronic Pain:		“This works great for me for migraines, neck pain, and in the past for severe menstrual cramping.  However, I find that I need to take about half dose. Instead of 50 mg every 6 hours I have to take less (25mg), maxing out at  225 mg per day. I rarely have to take that much anymore.  I tend to take Dramamine with it now or meclizine to avoid nausea ( although it doesn't always cause me to have nausea).

 I did have one episode of respiratory depression after taking the normal dosage of 50 mg every six hours for menstrual cramps. About an hour after the third dose, I started feeling like I couldn't remember how to breathe. It was a very scary feeling. My husband watched me carefully and I probably should have gone to the emergency room.”2017For Pain:		“This is like eating candy. Did nothing.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have severe pain from spinal stenosis through my neck, right shoulder, arm and hand.  Dr. prescribed Tramadol for this pain.  I  used the drug as directed with little relief from the intense pain.  The prescription called for 1 to 2 pills every 4 to 6 hours.  I took two pills every 4 hours, for 10 days, that's a total of 60 pills with very little effect.  I do not recommend this drug.  Lack of effectiveness can cause you to take more of the medication than you should and increases the addiction risk.”2017For Depression:		“I see a recurring theme in a lot of these entries....(person x) was prescribed Tramadol for pain, and it did wonders for depression and mood.  However, when discontinuing use, one's symptoms quickly return, often worse than before....

Tramodol is an OPIATE.  Think Opium, Heroin, Oxycodone, Hydrocodone, Codeine, etc.

What you're describing is the pattern of Opiate usage and it's dangers.  This is why it is a poor choice for depression treatment - it's like giving a Mercedes to a guy who's lost his job and his house is being foreclosed on....feels good for a couple days, but.....”2017For Depression:		“Antidepressants have had no effect on my depression in the past. I was unable to find the motivation to support my family or even go to work which caused me to lose my job. I started tramadol for a back injury as it is a non-habit forming pain reliever. It changed my life. immediately, it wiped out the depression. 100% gone. It is not much of a pain reliever, it is not very strong and I still am in pain. I can deal with it though and the lack of depression is worth it. The only downside is that when it wears off the depression comes right back, fast. So I have to take it throughout the day. I am back to work and enjoying life, i just take 3 or 4 pills per day. I don't know why this drug is not marketed as an antidepressant, it should be.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I take 50 mgs of Tramadol for moderate pain, as needed. I took 1 pill at 1pm, and not felt the need to follow up yet @8:20 pm. I just had a procedure done for a prostate issue I have had for about 12 years. I am 71 years old. This aggravating condition did not quality for a relatively new procedure called the "UroLift System." The discomfort has not improved too much with medications like Finasteride, and Tamsulosin. The profile of my condition called for the Greenlight Laser Therapy.”2017For Depression:		“Well besides depression I battled with eating disorders my whole life. I never knew of this Med until 2 years ago. It really has helped me with my ED , anxiety, mood and energy! Sadly it's hard to get a prescription because is more of a narcotic”2017For Depression:		“Weight loss: I lost 21lbs in 4 months:

Better mood=Less appetite=More exercise

Lost craving to carbs. Instead, crave protein. Hike and swim every other day.

Sex drive went down,  not to zero though. Maybe from 8 to 3. (Male) but feeling so much better overall. Wellbeing without sex. Weird but possible.

Once daily 50mg. Welcome to the new me. This is the first antidepressant I ever took. In summary, feel happier and lost 21lbs (from 221 to 200).  More productive at work. Self employed, lost money to depression. Now much better, back to the rat race and loving it. Btw Tramadol metabolises better in some people based on ancestry, so I read. It works for me (Sicilian descent). *Note: most doctors are reluctant to prescribe tram for depression”2017For Back Pain:		“I have degenerative disk disease, arthritis , sciatica and chronic pain in my back from years in construction. I also have a history of heart attacks and heart disease. My Dr started me on loritab for the pain which made pain bearable and allowed me to continue to work, for some reason he changed me to tramadol. NEVER AGAIN will I touch that stuff. Took my first dose and within 15 minutes I was laying on kitchen table thinking I was having a heart attack. This stuff is HORRIBLE!!!   I'm now back on loritab and doing fine, it's a huge pain in the butt that people who need opiates have to suffer because of people who abuse and sell them. We use them to maintain a quality life not for the high.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“After 20 yrs of ...lotions , showers , walks , yoga, vitamins, etc . I finally found a medication that completely works on my restless leg . I started taking tramodol for my pain in my elbow but the wonderful side effect was NO PAIN AND NO SYMPTOMS of my restless leg ...”2017For Depression:		“I was prescribed the drug after Knee surgery, worked well with the pain but like most people this lifted my mood and productivity to new levels. Had suffered mild untreated depression for many years as I thought 'I was just feeling sorry for myself'. Just before my surgery I lost my best friend which hit me hard, dropped me to new lows. Along with relationship and work problems I was rock bottom. Had surgery and the tramadol came, picked me up, my business and my mood. 8 month later my prescription was stopped, my depression is back, my relationship ended and I'm worse than ever. I'm suicidal, restless, agitated and faitgued. Lost interest in sex life and work. Its magic for depression but will be twice as bad if/when you stop. Be careful.”2017For Depression:		“Like others, I have had good success with Ultracet (Tramadol with Acetaminophen) for pain, GAD and depression. A few weaknesses are 50% of the time I get a small headache. I experience tiredness/fatigue in the morning and lastly, there is the loss of well being when the drug wears off. This is part of the "dependency" (not addiction) that the user has to beware of.
But the drug takes the edge off pain, blows away depression for a bit and reduces anxiety. 
It's a balance of taking it when I need to but not all the time. It works for me.”2017For Pain:		“Was prescribed for pain related to colon cancer. Not taking any other meds yet. It arrived at 3pm today, took two 50mg tablets. Within 20 minutes the pain was gone, within an hour I was high as a kite.  Couldn't focus, but felt good. Went to bed at about 6:30pm (I work grave yard shift), woke up at 10:30 with the worst headache ever, and very dizzy. At about 11:00 on my 5 minute drive to work I had to pull over due to dizziness and nausea. Ended up dry heaving on the side of the road for a few minutes. Started sweating profusely. Finally got to work, still dizzy. Can't focus on my work, and having trouble getting my eyes to focus.....  12:08, had to stop typing halfway through last sentence to run to the bathroom to vomit...  Will not take more.”2017For Depression:		“I have tried almost all antidepressives drugs available in the last 20 years. 
Fluoxine, sertraline, paroxetina, citalopram and escitalopram did not work and destroyed my sex life.
Bupropion increased my anxiety a lot.
Mirtazapina caused me hallucinations and insomnia.
Venlafaxine and desvenlafaxine worked a for some time, but affected my libido and erection.
Niacina (off label) did not work for me.
The only one that worked and is still working is Tramadol (off label).
It starts to work about 1,5 to 2 hours after I take it, and lasts for 8 to 10 hours.
I take 1 50mg capsule first in the morning and another 1 at around 4pm, with empty stomach.
The ONLY drug that works for my depression and anxiety.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was given Tramadol after a knee replacement and for osteoarthritis.I had always had mild depression in life and anxiety in spite of an intense exercise schedule.Since taking 300mg daily most of the depression and anxiety have gone..such a relief.My doctor did not know that Tramadol can be effective for depression.There are side effects like dry mouth but benefits outweigh side effects in my experience”2017For Back Pain:		“Tramadol does two things - relieve pain and alter mood.  It affects opioid receptors in the brain and gut, and acts in the same way as a serotonin uptake SSRI / SNRI drug.  So, it makes you feel good and acts like an anti-depressant.  For short term use (very short) it's useful, but it is highly addictive in spite of what the docs and FDA say.  The withdrawals are insanely awful if you have taken it for more than a week or so - since you are withdrawing from an opiate and an anti-depressant.  Unbelievably, medical professionals are still prescribing this drug as non-addictive and non-habit forming.  If you have serious pain - take opiates - resist any attempt to give you this drug.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I take 100mg every night and it works for me!!”2017Tramedo (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol capsules for 6 months, deal with severe pain from torn tendons, both ankle and shoulder. Main purpose to help me get a reasonable night's sleep. Two capsules of 50mg taken 7pm have been very successful. There have been no side effects, I have been very satisfied with results.
14 days ago my chemist gave me Tramedo, 50mg capsules, as he did not have Tramadol in stock.... said they were the same. For the first time ever, I accepted replacement product.
After 10 days,  have been sleeping well past normal wake time, been very tired during  rest of day,  gasto problems, have had bruising (?) in the circles under my eyes that looked like blood blisters, and poorer vision.
The supplying company have not returned my call”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol 2 days ago.. On the 2nd day I couldn't do the simples tasks. I had no coordinate, I was falling asleep, it was the most horrible experience I've ever had that medication..”2017For Syringomyelia:		“Helps tame the nerve pain associated with syringomyelia, a chronic spinal cord condition that is very painful”2017For Depression:		“I began taking tramadol for very severe cramps during my period, and not only did it make the pain stop, it made me more productive and greatly helped my mood. I'm lucky in that it does not require a prescription where I live so I can buy it from my pharmacist. I take it along with Chinese herbs that really helped save my life ( TCM views depression as being a lack of life force or 'jing') and the combo of he shu wu, schizandra, and tramadol have done wonders for improving my quality of life. Tramadol is however habit inducing and the withdrawal can suck. I get essentially really bad restless leg syndrome when I've gone off of it, to the point where I can't sleep.”2017For Pain:		“Took tramadol for 15 years for a ruptured disk ,I had sooo much pain the last three weeks I was considering suicide !!!! These were all of my symptoms 
Face swollen some mornings 
Hands swollen.  Feet itch, bruise easily, lack of concentration, memory problems, hair loss
Neck aches at base of skull
Bad headaches And head itches 
Weight gain,  Dry skin dry hair 
Cold intolerance,Lack of energy 
Muscle cramps / burning 
Loud Ringing in both ears
Neck feels like I am choking 
Running into things a lot 
Dizzy almost pass out do black out about once a year or so 
Blurry vision ,Can't take deep breath in ,Hurts my insides to process food
! Had blood test said thyroid was not working. STOPPED taking tramadol and 24 hrs later ALL symptoms are GONE!!!!”2017For Pain:		“Tramadol used on top of my Fioricet, or Midrin. For head ache was somewhat effective. Used when the pain of the head ache  has reached a point where I'm on the verge of nausea, and vomiting, once the other baseline abortives have failed. When used with the Fioricet/Codeine it works quite well, at knocking it out, otherwise just Tramadol even at doses of 200mg is only a dent in the pain.”2017For Anxiety:		“After nearly 4 months off of Tramadol (and, yes, the withdrawal was horrible) I've decided to go back on it. I don't take it for pain any longer; I take it for the brighter outlook it gives me as well as the anti-anxiety benefits. 

Like some other users, I've been on many antidepressants over the years but nothing really seemed to work so I'm off of all of the so-called FDA-approved meds. Tramadol isn't cheap ('cause I don't have a prescription and can't imagine getting one from my doctor for the reason I take it) but it IS cheaper than a visit to my psychiatrist. It makes my life smoother and I'm simply making the decision to go back to it.”2017For Anxiety:		“Began taking after minor operation to deal with pain. I told my doctor that it had a calming effect and asked if was safe to take to deal with anxiety. Been taking it for about a year. Two to four 50 mg pills per day. Some days I take none. No constipation, no insomnia.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol does work wonders.  Some people don't like it because it is not your typical pain medication.   I have been taking two 50 mg every 12 hours for the past year or so and without a doubt it does work on a continued basis.  It seems to not work well for acute pain and only dosing this way,  but for chronic pain it does work.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I too suffer from this horrible condition, and it is extremely frustrating that Tramidol has fallen under as a control substance. I have been taking it for some years now and it's what works for me. Now its gotten more difficult to get the doc to refill with out being stereotyped as a junkie. I put in for my refill a day or two before running out and it's a battle to get it on time.There for I suffer many restless night with my RLS before it gets refilled. It's frustrating no doubt!!! And angering for sure!!!!! I too wouldn't trade one dose for all the others in the world!! It truly is God sent.....”2017For Back Pain:		“Dr gave me tramadol for severe sciatic pain. Can't say it's completely useless but is is less effective than ibuprofen. After taking 50 mg every 4 hours for two days pain seemed to be the same as before taking this. Going back to get something that is more effective for pain than aspirin.”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“Twenty plus years with Fibromyalgia and depression. Pristiq works best as my antidepressant. Tramadol very helpful for early morning stiffness, muscle pain. It takes about 30 minutes to work. Northstar manufacturer capsule does not allow me to nap in the afternoon for some reason which I like and is my only (positive) side-effect. Zydus manufacture pill makes me sleepy by afternoon and a headache. I would advise trying different manufacturers although the inactive ingredients don't seem to be very different. I wonder about that.
I was four years on oxycodone 10 mg and although I was able to work, it definitely had more of a "narcotic" effect and not as helpful as Tramadol. I am not susceptible to addiction and had no trouble withdrawing from oxycodone.”2017For Depression:		“Totally obliterated my feeling of depression and my days have become productive.”2017For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol because I couldn't tolerate other pain meds with codeine or Tylenol.
Tramadol is great until you run out.

I have taken this drug for approximately 7 years now.
I wish I'd never started it.
It's just been a roller coaster for me it helps me feel better, but does zero for the pain & then you build a tolerance up & it just gets worse from there.

I've had withdrawals from this a few times. I've never had such horrible withdrawals as with this med, sneezing, coughing, hot, cold, chills, sweats, restless, depressed & irritable to name a few with lethargy.

I am due for a refill tomorrow I'm not picking it up. It's really hard right now, but going through this agony isn't an option again.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was given Tramadol for multiple pain. I have some arthritis, a form of osteoporosis (cannot think of the name of the form I have), Fibromyalgia, lower back pain. Tramadol in no way has helped me. My opinion of this drug is about as negative as you can have. Some of the comments are postive and I am glad it works for them. In addition, I am also clinically depressed and take meds for that. However, Tramadol in no way helps me with my depression. As a matter of fact, until reading these comments I had no idea it was even used for depression. Overall I would never recommend this drug 
to anyone and would rate it a zero in terms of helping with chronic pain of any kind.”2017For Anxiety:		“I had breast reduction surgery so I was prescribed tramadol for pain it didn't do much for pain at all but really cleared my head up and helped me get through the day. After I ran out I talked to my doctor we tried other anxiety meds before she agreed to prescribe tramadol, so I've been taking it for 4 months now 100mg a day and last Saturday I ran out and don't get a refill till April. The withdrawal is insanely bad I feel like I'm sick I can't lay still, falling asleep is a nightmare, I feel angered, no energy, I don't know what to do but I'm thinking to stop taking tramadol I can't go through the withdrawals again:/ some people say there is no withdrawal symptoms but I think it's for people who take it couple of times a week.”2017For Back Pain:		“My new Doctor tried to take me off tramadol and prescribed something else, additionally went to a one star rehab center with my bag of medication they didn't give me all of my medication back and short-changed me a full bottle of tramadol. What makes this a tragedy they gave me a pill case (14 day) with all the pills for someone else......................................”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“I have tried most prescriptions for fibromyalgia since diagnosed almost 20 years ago without much success. My current regime includes Cymbalta, Nucynta, and Tramadol with Oxycodone as needed for BTP. This combination has proven very effective.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Took severe pain away. Hand and neck arthritis. Take with 2 Tylenol or ibuprofen  every other dose for best relief. Brand name ultram 50 mg every 5-6 hrs if needed. For me, took most pain away! Better than vicodin and not sure why but so happy I have it. Cons: occasional nausea and big time constipation-take with laxative or colace. I started pill slowly- two 25mg per day over period of a week and worked up to 50 3 x per day over 3 weeks.”2017For Pain:		“dry eyes, runny nose, cramps both forearms into hands neck cramps rt arm going numb on and off constipation " loopy" thoughts slow reaction”2017For Depression:		“I have suffered from Major Depression since I was 17, or at least that is when I was diagnosed.  I believe it started when I was 13.  I have been on medication every since and I am now 44.  I came across Tramadol because I have Fibromyalgia and I use it to lessen my pain.  I take 50 mg in the morning and if my pain is unbearable I will take another 50 mg in the late afternoon.   It doesn't take all my pain away but I can function since I work full time and go to school too.  The most miraculous part of all of this is that my depression while on this is completely gone.  I have to be careful since I am already on anti-depressants that are a serotonin uptake that I don't ever over do it, because of Serotonin  Syndrome.  Feel like myself :)”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol in the early treatment of my autoimmune disease when my pain was so intense I was bed ridden. It was a complete joke. It did nothing! Taking 4 Advil gave me more relief than Tramadol (took my pain down from a 10+ to an 8). Luckily, I was switched to a schedule II med and now I am a fully functioning person. I think the drug company needs to do additional HUMAN research on this drug and NOT on mice/animals. In reading the reviews, I see that it does work for some people but for others it's basically a tic tac with the side effects of addiction.”2017For Depression:		“Hello everyone. I, as many of you, have struggled with major depression for a long time. For me, it comes and goes - with a terrible onset towards the end of the winter month's. I've tried 4 different antidepressants with no success. Actually, Wellbutrin did help - but I ended up being allergic to it. Go figure. I was prescribed Tramadol for pain last year during a hip problem I was having and wow did it help my mood. I didn't feel so broken. This year I am suffering from depression again but haven't started on Tramadol yet. I am nervous because of it's addictive qualities, but I cannot keep calling out of work and risk losing my job. It is a terrible feeling. All your posts have been very encouraging so thank you for sharing!”2017For Depression:		“I have used tramadol for one year now. First was treated for diabetes pain. But every time I took one I definitely changed. I felt better than ever no pain and wanting to get pretty and do things with my family.  I told my Doctor and he told me that I was suffering from depression and tramadol was helping me get back together. I swear to God this medicine is great for depression.  I feel better than ever. I do so much in one day and I sleep lovely.”2017For Back Pain:		“I take  100 mgs of Tramadol 3 times a day  I.e. every 6 hours during the day. It makes me quite sleepy but it works. I also recently started taking 75mgs of Lyrica for severe nerve pain due to spinal stenosis. I actually think I could give up Tramadol - that is how much Lyrica has helped me. I wish I had been prescribed it much sooner. It's great for me. All I have is nerve pain. No back pain .Was very painful to get up or sit down let alone walk. Not now, I am back to light yard work. Love Lyrica.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“This drug makes it possible for me to stay active and take care of normal activity”2017For Depression:		“If it wasnt for tramadol I don't know what I would do....It saved my life point blank”2017For Back Pain:		“Tramadol is just about as useful as Teats on a Boar Hog!
It is not as strong as two 325mg. of Aspirin! 
Do not waste your time or money having a prescription of it  filled and be sure to kick the Worthless Doctor who gave it to you  before you leave for he is someone you never want to ever go back to again!”2017For Back Pain:		“Although I think it is great that people read up on medications that they take, I cannot stress enough how important it is to make sure this medication is prescribed by a doctor who has examined you, knows your biology and knows what meds you should take. Too many people lose their lives taking meds not prescribed for them, or mixing with otc meds or drinking alcohol. Be safe. This drug worked great for my back pain.  I am glad my doctor chose it for me.”2017For Pain:		“I have chronic Lumbar pain...residual after a surgical procedure. Without worthwhile pain management, acute...like a 7 out of 10, worse on some days. I have above average tolerance for pain. My doctor believes that what I call a 5 or 6 would probably incapacitate the average person.
I have been prescribed the whole gamut, from the steroid series every 9 months to Oxycontin.  The injections were a waste. The various opioids just made me stoned. I could still feel the pain, I simply didn't give a damn.
When I first used Tramadol (Ultram), 50mg, about 40 minutes later I notices two significant facts; I was NOT stoned. And I was NOT in pain. I have been using 50mg, 4 X daily since 2012 - no side effects, no pain. BONUS!”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This medicine did not touch my pain, and it gave me insomnia as well.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking Tramadol 50 mg 4x day for 15+ years with no side effects, and very good results.  I have chronic sciatica, acute scoliosis, stenosis, and  arthritis of the spine causing inflammation with swelling in the lumbar area.  I was living with incredible pain till my PCP suggested Tramadol.  What a relief it has been for me.  When needed, I use Ibuprofen for the swelling and inflammation.  It has given me the return to my active life, which includes aerobics, strength training, QiGong and TaiChi.  

I have found acupuncture and leg massage the answer for restless legs.”2017For Pain:		“Doctor recommended taking  50 mg of tramadol for pain. I took 1 with no problem took a 2nd 6 hours later no problem. The next day I took one in the morning and the problem began.I felt like vomiting slight stomach pain, hot flashes where I was sweating  and nausea.The pain did go away but the side effect were terrible. Hope this helps someone,thanks”2017For Pain:		“Been on Tramadol off and on for minor headaches and issues with Iliotibial band syndrome and arthritis. Basically since it is controlled it is a lot harder to obtain from a doctor and is also considered the new "painkiller" in ER's or doctor's office unless you have a broken bone. In all honesty it helps my leg and lets me focus at work. I've tried the norco and vicodin es,also lyrica and gabapentin but I'm not a fan. I dislike the nausea feeling and the grogginess. But at the same time everyone is different some people can stand this medication and some people cannot. I would recommend to those who have less major pain and do'nt need it all the time.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had severe RLS for 20+ years and it is absolutely a miserable way to live.   Not only is it miserable for the person suffering, it is miserable for any spouse / significant other that you may sleep next to.   11 years ago I was trying to fall asleep, moving and stretching my legs constantly (to no avail, of course) and my husband threw himself in my face screaming "STOP MOVING YOUR LEGS!!!"    That was when I knew I needed to find something that would help -- after trying several different things - all unsuccessful - I tried tramadol.   It has saved my marriage, it has saved my sanity, and because of those 2 things it has most likely saved my life.  For me, tramadol WORKS for RLS.”2017For Pain:		“I used tramadol after rotator cuff surgery. I found it to be a very effective pain medication. It did not have the side effects I've experienced with Vicodin and Percoset. No sleepiness or feeling of being high. No dependence. For me it was the perfect medication. Maybe my review helps somebody!”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been living with chronic pain now for over 5 yrs due 2 DJD, Rhuematoid Arthritis, 5 Herniated Discs in my neck, 2 in my Lumbar Spine. I started seeing a Pain Management Neurologist and between Trigger point injections, Prednisone as needed, Tramadol 200mg-400mg a day if needed I was finally able to function again. There wasn't any side effects that occurred while I took it and I found this medication extremely effective. It never removed my pain completely but did allow me to function again. As anyone w/chronic conditions we must learn to live with some pain. There's no natural or man made Opiate in Tramodol but it works similarly as a drug that contains an Opiate. I was on this drug on/off for almost 3 yrs and no addiction issues.”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I have taken Tramadol off and on for more than 12 years.  For me it works, not to mitigate my chronic pain, but to change my attitude about my pain.  I have been on 50 mg x 2 daily - not excessive.  My PC doctor has decided that I've had enough, and didn't refill.  I went for more than a week without recently to prove to myself that there wasn't a physical dependence.  I had a whole lot of pain, as usual, but my attitude wasn't terrific about it.  NSAIDS just tear my gut apart after 2.5 days, so I don't know what to do.  Maybe find a new PCP?  Nobody had a problem prescribing this medication before it became scheduled.”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“I've tried gabapantin , cymbalta (not bad & not good) , clonazepam for sleeping and relaxing, and many other drugs. None of them was helping me . Now I take tramadol 50mg every day . It just helps me to keep my normal life . With higher dose  the pain completely goes away but I  have other side effects . If you decided to use this drug keep the low dose . I hoped I could find a better way because when I take my pill , I can't have dairy  because it takes the effect of the drugs down. I hope you all get better soon  with no pain and no drugs”2017For Anxiety:		“I have been feeling very unhappy for a long time and its a struggle getting by every day. However I took 100 mg of tramadol for some chest pain once and it is like a light bulb was switched on inside me. My social anxiety is also less. However I am worried about taking it more often as I work in a sensitive field where your judgement can be called to question at any time”2017For Back Pain:		“I'm writing this on behalf of my wife. She was on tramadol for about a month, then that's where she had a SEVERE and violent seizure, the worst I've ever seen, and she's never had one before. Well come to find out from the neurologist, tramadol is the number one contender for causing seizures,  look it up.  I had to watch my beautiful wife convulse and shake and basically go brain dead for a short while. It was literally the most tramatising thing I'd ever seen, and mind you I did two tours in Iraq. We were very fortunate there was no permanent damage and she wasn't driving.  STAY AWAY FROM THIS DRUG”2017For Depression:		“These postings are amazing for me. I was diagnosed with depression at 17 (59 now) and over the years have taken everything fro Prozac to Paxil to Welbutrin, and many others. Four years ago I was diagnosed with severe rheumatoid arthritis, and just a few months ago I was prescribed Tramadol for pain, while it did help somewhat with pain I suddenly noticed my depression was lifting for the first time in over 30 years. The difference is amazing and life changing. In addition I can go several days to a week with out it and I feel no withdrawal symptoms. I used to cry all the time, constant thoughts of suicide and I'd stay in bed for days at a time. Now I exercise daily, ride my bike frequently (which also helps with the depression)”2017Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have been on tramadol for many years for fibromyalgia back pain. I take six  50mg a day. It does in fact help. It makes it bearable most of the time. However when its at its worst, the medicine doesn't faze it. I would recommend a second prescription of something much stronger for occasional pain (maybe 10 a month if that). Doctors and lawmakers need to realize that people with pain that will never get better and will progressively get worse, need relief. Unfortunately that is going to involve addictive medication. But their addiction isn't the high. It's the addiction to function and to live a productive life. We crave these medications because we know without them our quality of life is very low.”2017For Depression:		“I have been taking Tramadol for 12 yrs for a number of reasons, just a wonderful med. Arthritis in my shoulders, leg pain, and even RLS at nite. Now I'm being told it's as bad (or good) as Vicodin and just as hard to get here in N.C. Now withdraws are inevitable. What can l do?”2017For Chronic Pain:		“Not great at all for relieving pain, in my  opinion..”2017For Pain:		“I have chronic IC (Cystitis) and a calculi in my appendix, however appendicitis isn't significant on a CT Pelvis, and Abdomen, without contrast. Tramadol helps some with the pain, but it doesn't cut it out unfortunately.”2017For Pain:		“Full knee replacement used hydrocodon/acetaminophen for initial 15- days then Dr prescribed Tramadol for pain during physical therapy. First one I took I couldn't sleep and wide awake to 4:30am!!  Ok, maybe something else causing it? I read side-affects not many comments. I got by on Ibrophen during next few days didn't take Tramadol for 2-days. 
3-RD day by 6:00pm after working 8 hrs at desk job then on to 1-hr PT got home and decided to try Tramadol again. I took one 50-mg at 5:30pm and didn't sleep until 3:30am!!!  I also experienced itchy hand palms I noticed and lasted about an hour.  My pain isn't getting relieved either!!  
Can't continue, need rest, stopped taking and just using Ibrophen until I see Dr tomorrow!!”2017For Pain:		“I had kidney surgery and Extra strength Tylenol worked just as well as this . Saddened by the prescribed addicts on here.  No thanks.”2017For Back Pain:		“I don't understand how all the comments I've read on here about tramadol being great for anxiety and depression because when I took tramadol for back pain it made me feel all anxious, shaky and caused insomnia. I had to stop after 2 days of taking it, plus it made me itch all over, I felt awful on it. I've had bouts of anxiety and depression all my life and I'm sure it was the tramadol I took 5 and a half years ago that started my anxiety off again.  Once it started it kind of went into a vicious circle of having panic attacks then fearing the next panic attack which then would start another panic attack and so it went on for months, me ending up in hospital, so I'd never take tramadol again no matter how much pain I'm in .”2017For Chronic Pain:		“I was initially prescribed tramadol for chronic pain from rheumatoid arthritis about 8 years ago, SPECIFICALLY because the doc said it was non narcotic. It worked for me and all was good until I forgot to call in a refill one day and I had withdrawal symptoms worse than I have ever experienced from any stronger narcotic. I have been on the drug for the past 8 years and now that they've realized it's INCREDIBLY addictive and often abused, they've made it a schedule 4. Now it's difficult for me to get my prescription if my doctor is out of town, or if I take one or two more than I'm supposed to due to increased pain, and I run out a day or two early. I'm a former opiate abuser and SO angry that I was misled and am on this roller coaster again.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This med works better than other pain meds. Knee pain was so bad from implants I was considering getting back on my crutches. No crutches needed and gained back a little energy.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have taken Tramadol for year and have found it very helpful with my body pain especially my back pain.  I usually have to take ONE 50 mg of the pill and that really helps.  There are many days that I may NOT have to take it.  I don't find it addicting at all.  I take it only if I really need it.  My prescription says to take it 4 times a day.  I would never do that.  It helps with only one.  It can be constipating and that is why I only take one to give me  a lot of relief.  I take it now with a stool softener.  I am sorry if people find it addictive but I don't feel that at all.  Perhaps they are taking 4 a day. I do not plan on dropping this pill for my pain any time soon.”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“2017 marks my 21st year on Ultram.  Initially it was prescribed for migraines. I was later diagnosed with fibromyalgia, and continued on Ultram, as it eased the stiffness and difficulty of movement.  Soon enough I needed more than prescribed.  My doctor  took it away for 8 horrific months.  Withdrawal never let up. Weakness, crying, vomiting, MDD.  I used those 8 months for research, eventually coming up with proof that Ultram was the drug of choice for FMS. My doctor gave it back in a lower dose, and a different medication to control withdrawal. Next step was bloodwork in a genetics lab. I metabolize Ultram 4x faster than average. Now I'm over 50, using Ultram as a mood stabilizer.  It can be psychologically addictive;  caveat emptor!”2017For Pain:		“I've been on tramadol for over a year now,I lost my left leg Iraq in 2005. The V.A. is no longer writing prescription for narcotics pain killers as per the U.S. government. So here I sit day after day in pain.  Thanks V.A. I put my life on the line and this is the way you repay me, not only me but 1000's of disabled veterans.”2017For Fibromyalgia:		“Switching to tramadol has given me my life back. My pain is not gone, but it no longer is a significant interference in my day to day life.

I had previously been on about 100mg of Codeine/day for a year prior and it had not even compared to the relief tramadol gives me. Also helps when I have tension headaches.

I've been on 50-100mg/day for about 9 months now, with minor tolerance buildup since the first month. 

No withdrawal effects if I go off of it for a few days, either. No noticeable side effects, though I'm lucky in that I don't frequently have bad side effects.”2017For Depression:		“First, tramadol is NOT an opiate, it may work somehow (no one knows how nor can claim to understand how) with receptors for them in the brain but please stop the completely false statements that this is an opiate-simply not true. 
Ultram was first used for in the 1990s was pain and then it became clear that if was also helpful for people who were not getting relief from anti-depressants (and did big Pharma push out every variation of SSRI uptake inhibitor at great cost to the public and of course with no clue if they would work). 
EXCELLENT alternative to ineffective anti-depressants that big pharma wants to keep pushing.  Again, wrong to even begin to compare it to an opiate, and time for it to be acknowledged as an option for depression.”2017For Back Pain:		“WARNING!!  Do not take this medicine.  The withdrawal from it even per the Doctors schedule is horrible......I can't even tell you how bad of an experience I had with it!!!”2017For Pain:		“Does not help.”2017For Pain:		“After total knee replacement and now the other knee is painful, nothing worked like tramadol. I had oxycodone, hydrocodone, did not work at all. One tramadol 50mg in the early morning and one at bedtime works wonders for me, makes pain more tolerable and helps me sleep at night. I don't know ehst I'd do without it.”2017Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Dose not work only made me anxious and angry I wasted my money and my chance to not be in pain after surgery.  Stop peddling this rubbish.  All  the Dr round here  are prescribing it thanks to some pharmaceutical rep but you're ruining people's rights to quality of life. You know it does not work.”2017For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Ohhh, don't take Effexor (Venlafaxine) and Tramadol on the same day!   My Doc said not to, but Tram helps me sleep deeply so now and then I do. 

Well,  last night,  if those odd muscle jerks and repeated shakes/moves weren't minor seizures than I have no other explanation!”2017