Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Today I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia. I've had this since I was 12 yrs old and my family doctor never would believe me that I have pain everywhere. I've lost 38 pounds and he finally woke up and sent me to a lovely rhuematologist. He gave me 50mg Ultram 3x day, Lyrica 50mg 2x daily and amitriptyline 25mg 1 at bedtime. All that said I have found tramadol works like a charm. It helps me cope with the pain and I feel young again instead of 98 yrs old. ”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been taking tramadol for over 11 years for RLS and while I think it works pretty well for my legs, I feel I have to take more than prescribed to get the same amount of relief that I did when I began the medication.  I have not told my doctor for fear that she will take me off the medicine.  The withdrawal symptoms are horrendous. My legs are 10 times worse when I am coming off tramadol.  I get involuntary spasms in both my arms and legs and am extremely moody.  It is near impossible for me to sleep without the tramadol.  I am not trying to scare anyone away from taking it because I know it has worked wonders for a lot of other people. ”2010For Pain:		“I take it for arthritis, only when I am desperate, about twice a week. Just one tablet and it works well.”2010For Pain:		“I been suffering from herniated disc, osteoarthritis, restless leg syndrome for about 5 years now, I took so many different medication but nothing helped. My husband who was recently diagnosed with MS of the spinal cord started taking Tramadol for pain. He told me that is very good medicine and was helping him with pain and his mobility. I told my doctor to prescribe it to me and he did. I take it twice a day and feel great. I am pain free and I have so much energy, I also have clear mind, I can concentrate better. I recommend this medicine to anyone who is suffering from pain. Try it and you will see what I mean.”2010Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had surgery for scoliosis with spinal fusion 27 years ago.  Since then, my neck and lower back (without fusion) have been collapsing, curving, and I have been diagnosed with degenerative disc disease.  The pain began to extend to my hips and shoulders and it became impossible to function.  I had difficulty getting up and moving around, and more and more difficulty doing basic daily chores.  (I am a 51 y/o woman with 5 children - no wonder, right? ha ha).  Anyway, my doctor prescribed Ultram ER 100mg for me about 5 years ago and it has given me relief for the most part - until the last year.  I think I need to increase the dosage as I know my back is worse and the pain is getting worse, however, Ultram has been a life saver.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had arthrodesis surgery to fix my crushed right thumb 08-03-2010, and have had severe pain in it ever since.  The doc prescribed hydrocodone and oxycodone, which worked very well.  So I would not become addicted to those, he switched me to tramadol, 50mg, 2 every 4 to 6 hours as needed.  First time I took them, before bed, I had a terrible night.  Normally, I'm a sound sleeper, but I tossed and turned and did not get a wink of sleep, which is not one of the published side effects.  So, that first time was my last.  Meanwhile, I'm in pain.”2010For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 13 years ago.  One of the first medications I was put on was Ultram.  I am so happy that it has helped so many Fibromyalgia patients, however, I found very little relief with it for my Fibro symptoms.  I wish it had helped me because I had to be put on a stronger pain medicine and it's hard to get off of.  I am concerned for those who said that they do notice headaches on this medicine. Seems to be quite a few. ”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this medicine for moderate pain after surgery. My incisions bothered me, and I took 4 pills a day for the first 3 days, then usually 2 a day. However, the side effects: nausea, palpitations, dizziness, drowsiness AND sleeplessness, constipation and mental vagueness were really too unpleasant to be rid of minor pain, so after a week I stopped taking it. It is annoying that after stopping it, I suffered nausea, palpitations, and weakness/drowsiness after large meals--possibly due to withdrawal.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am prescribed Tramadol for chronic back pain. The fist time I took it, I finally felt "normal". I had occasionally had restless legs and cramps. However, after a back adjustment removed the back pain, I tried to get off the Tramadol and became VERY agitated, almost in a panic once, so withdrawal can be a problem. I understand tapering is the way to do it, but my back pain returned and I am still on about 150MG spread over 24hrs. Try the LOWEST dosage if you try it.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have arthritis in most joints and back and neck pain.  I have used Tramadol for 2 years now. It was life changing in the way it relieved pain without nasty side effects of  hydrocodone (I got very irritable when it wore off). Seems to be taking higher dosage for less relief but still would rather continue the tramadol and use something for breakthrough pain on physical work days. If you experience nausea try a lower dose and work up to more. Stick with it,  the nausea went away for me. When I forget a day or so and go back to it I sometimes get nausea again.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have taken Tramadol as prescribed by my doctor for a little over 2 years. It works 100% for my restless legs syndrome. The only downside to this medication is the withdrawal symptoms when you stop. You have twice as bad the problem of restlessness than you had in the first place. The doctor gave me Clonidine and that really helped with the withdrawal problems.”2010For Pain:		“I took Norco/Vicodin for 3 years and was terribly addicted to it.  The doctor helped me get of of those medicines (took about 4 months).  I swore I would not take addicting pain medicines again.  So after about 1 year of just dealing with my lower back and leg pains I went back to the doctor and asked what he could do.  He prescribed Tramadol 50mg/4-6 times a day.  I can honestly say the pain definitely was decreased, enough to where I can function at work and not think about the pain.  I've been taking it for about a year now.  It's so hard to get off the Norco/Vicodin/opioids but it can be done with the help of family and friends.  ”2010Ultram (tramadol):		“I have suffered with fatigue and joint and muscle pain and restless leg syndrome for ten years. Used Ibuprofen which only helped a small bit, I finally said enough is enough and went the doctor and told them to give me something for the pain. I felt like I was losing my mind and I just said I know I have fibromyalgia and I can't take it anymore. She gave me antidepressants and a muscle relaxer and Tramadol. I only felt doped up with the antidepressant and the muscle relaxer but the Tramadol was awesome. I am now able to work pain free and exercise, I have lost 40 lbs since I started taking it and I feel more normal. I don't think I can deal with the pain again. I take the 50mg tab 1 every 5 to 6 hours.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Only helps slightly with my degenerative disease but works far better than Tylenol.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Found Ultram to be the only medicine to help with my pain from Multiple Sclerosis. Let's me live a relatively normal, semi pain free life.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I started taking Ultram 2 weeks ago. The Doctor said I'd notice a difference right away. So far nothing. I'm in the middle of a flare-up that isn't being helped by Ultram.”2010For Pain:		“I am on the maximum dosage of 400mg daily off and on for 7 years, and all I know is together with Voltaren, I'm able to live my life again. It also helps significantly with depression associated with pain, and amazingly enough, appetite control. This medicine works absolute wonders for me.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have used Topamax for my restless leg syndrome and it works great! I have had horrible migraines to which I had to go to the hospital for injections all the time. The doctors found out it was due to the restless leg syndrome. Once they put me on the Topamax, it has taken care of the migraines and the restless leg syndrome. If you can, give it a try. It really does work.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have horrible Restless Legs Syndrome. Not just in my legs, and not just when I'm trying to sleep; I experience a horrible tension in my limbs all day. Tramadol (Ultram) completely cured it. Also, I experience chronic pain from an old injury, and Ultram is the only NON-OPIATE medication that actually helps my pain.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have tried a lot of medication for restless legs syndrome and tramadol is the only thing that gives me relief.”2010For Pain:		“I have sarcoidosis which is an autoimmune disorder and it gives me horrible rheumatoid flare ups. This is the only medication that gives me pain relief! I suggest anyone with sarcoidosis or any type of chronic pain to use this!”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“No relief at all. No upset stomach or any other side effects.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I take Ultram 100mg three times daily, it works most of the time. ”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Have taken Ultram for 9 years for fibromyalgia.  The ONLY thing that helped and it helped very well.  No high, buzz, euphoria, etc., just sweet pain relief.  ”2010For Pain:		“This medicine is great for chronic pain. I strongly recommend it to anyone who is a chronic pain sufferer. So please call your doctor or primary care physician.

”2010For Fibromyalgia:		“I have fibromyalgia. As one of the other people commented, sometimes the pain is so bad I wouldn't be able to function. I take 1-2 tramadol per day most days and on really bad days I take 4 spaced throughout the day. The pain isn't entirely gone but I think it also helps my mood too so I can deal with the pain.  With it I am able to function well and keep a physically demanding job. Vicodin has no effect on me. I don't have any side effects from the Tramadol. I'm pretty bullet proof.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have Restless Legs Syndrome and it has a major impact on my life. Tramadol (generic) has really helped my RLS. It takes quite a while to set in but then lasts for a whole day or more due to its long half-life. It does keep me up a little later than normal, but I feel much more relaxed and without the RLS at night. I think it is a good medicine when taken as prescribed and with regular check-ins with your doctor regarding dosing. If you have side effects, hang in there for a few days and they will mostly subside.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I was previously diagnosed with Lupus after a few miscarriages.  Now for the past 16 years I am being treated for fibromyalgia. I've been on Ultram for 15 years. I take 1 to 1-1/2 tablets every 4-6 hours 3 x's day.  It has enabled me to stay working full time outside the home with very few side effects. I can always tell if I forget to take them as I start feeling the joint pain real bad and no energy. It has been an absolute life saver for me.”2010For Pain:		“I have a herniated disc in my lower back. The pain was intense. I had a series of injections that really helped, but some of the pain gradually returned but not as intense as the orginal pain was. I usually take one 50mg tablet of tramadol and a tablet of diclofenac every morning and it gets me through the day. The only side effects I seem to experience are slight constipation and a loss of appetite. Those minor things are well worth the relief I get.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Have had Fibromyalgia for 17 years, just diagnosed this year. Was prescribed Ultram for worst pain days. Almost completely takes the pain away with 100mg. Little to no side effects. First couple times I took it, I felt a little drowsy. I am very happy that my rheumatologist recommended this medication. To get some pain relief and still feel like myself is all I could hoped for! Would recommend.”2010For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and spondylosis a month ago.  My general Doctor prescribed vicodin ES and Soma.  But I was still in so much pain, she sent me to a rheumatologist who after 5 months of tests, diagnosed me.  Yesterday I told the doc that 2 Vicodin a day was not enough because I always run out at the end of the month, but he said I was immune to Vicodin's so he prescribed me tramadol. Today was my 2nd dose of tramadol and I experienced serious side effects. I had facial twitches, a swollen throat, a terribly upset stomach and flu-like symptoms.  And it does nothing for my pain.  I was so hoping this would work because I had read so many good things about it.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“A doctgor (I've been to many) tried me on Ultram.  On about the 2nd or 3rd day, I was at work and began feeling very strange.  I got shakier as the morning progressed.  I got up and could not walk without holding on to the wall.  Then I began having breathing problems.  I asked my boss if somebody could take me to the ER.  On the way there, I truly felt like I was going to die.  My coworker got me into the ER and the triage team first checked my heart out with an ECG, etc.  The conclusion the ER doctor came up with is that I was having something called Serotonin Syndrome which can be quite serious.  They gave me some Ativan and sent me home.  My mother-in-law was on Ultram for years and it worked very well for her.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“My rheumatologist started me on Ultram a few weeks ago. I also take Zoloft. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia approximately 10 years ago and have tried several medicines. My rheumatologist was concerned about my long term use of Tylenol and Advil on my kidneys and liver and said this would be easier on my body. It has helped a lot. I have much more energy and much reduced pain, it helps me go to work regularly and have a life with my family, but if I miss a dose I am really moody and weepy, so everyone knows when I haven't had it.  I like it so far.”2010For Pain:		“Effective against pain but such a wide variety of side effects (dizziness, nausea, loss of appetite, shakiness, difficulty swallowing, constipation, fatigue) in my 88 year old mother.”2010For Pain:		“I took this medicine for pain on shoulder. Took 2 pills every 4-6 hours. I had severe side effects, really dry mouth, loss of appetite, could not sleep, nausea, headaches, felt like a really bad hangover. ”2010Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“My doctor prescribed ULTRAM ER 200 for lower back pain and sciatica.  I was taking 1 tablet twice a day.  For 2 or 3 days it seemed to work great.  Then I started having side effects.  I had mild dizziness and a slight upset stomach.  I took Ultram ER for a total of 9 days.  The dizziness became severe, I was lethargic but not able to sleep for more than 2 or 3 hours a night, and the nausea had increased.  I stopped taking ultram ER and it took 12 days for the side effects to subside.  The doctor said I had an allergic reaction to this medication.”2010For Pain:		“I use this medication for pain associated with a torn rotator cuff. Taken along with diclofenac the pain relieving effect is quite good. Taken alone it is moderately effective. I have never had any negative side effects due to this medication.”2010For Pain:		“Works okay for moderate pain. It does dry the mouth, eyes, etc. Can be habit forming. I have experienced the insomnia and hallucinations. However, puts me in a better mood and gives me energy.  I think I am losing weight, too.  I've been taking this for years on and off and I like it, but need something stronger for severe pain.  It works to take the edge off but as far as feeling free of pain nothing I've taken seems to work 100%.  My back is just a mess, though.  Narrowing spine, bone on bone rubbing, and calcified crack from years ago.  Tramadol is a lifesaver if you prefer something lighter than Oxycontin etc. I guess it's an individual preference.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Little if any pain relief. Stomach aches, headaches, and lethargic.”2010For Pain:		“I have suffered from low back pain for the past two years. I became extremely depressed when I could find no relief from my pain-nothing mattered to me. I have now been taking Tramadol regularly for the past three months and feel I have control of my life/pain. I am able to perform most activities again and am even back at work. This drug saved me.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I was given Tramadol after breaking my leg quite badly. At the time the pain was so severe lower strength painkillers wouldn't have been enough but I've now been left with an addiction to tramadol where I've been withdrawing gradually over months and it's now left me with a bad case of Restless Leg Syndrome!  To anyone who has never had this it's a horrible feeling where you can't rest or sleep properly because of the horrible feeling going through your legs, it feels like someone is tickling the inside of your leg and you can't sit still! I haven't slept properly in months now!”2010Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had an accident at work about 4 years ago which injured my neck and back.  After taking generic tramadol for a couple of years and constantly having to up my dosage I saw a new doctor who switched me to 300 mg Ultram ER, what a difference!  I have been taking it for 2 years now and I can't imagine what I would do without it.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Well, very few side effects for me, but also very little pain relief.  I've been prescribed this several times to treat my chronic pain symptoms as well as a couple of acute things (injuries).  It was basically for the purpose of being able to function. ”2010For Pain:		“I have severe chronic fatigue. I have tried everything for relief. I have been taking Tramadol 50mg one per day for 5 years I have found this drug gives the most relief out of anything I have tried. I have no side effects at all. I would highly recommend Tramadol for anyone suffering from CFS.”2010For Fibromyalgia:		“I take three tramadol per day:  1 with brunch at 8am; 1 with a snack at 2pm; 1with a light snack at 8pm.  This schedule keeps me pretty much pain-free all day.  Cons to using this medicine: I am hypoglycemic, so I can't take Tylenol for any type of pain.  Also, tramadol doesn't help with any kind of headache, so to treat headaches, I use Advil. If I use Tylenol with tramadol, I have a hypo attack with much sweating and dizziness.  But I like this medicine, because it keeps my fibromyalgia pain manageable and I suffer no additional side effects.”2010For Pain:		“Tramadol is a very good medication for moderately severe pain. For Bad Pain, taking it with an NSAID markedly improves it's effectiveness, as you are now acting systemically on both the inflammation and neurologic components of pain. Taking it with a caffeinated beverage, (such as cola, or coffee, etc), can also help, as can B Complex & Magnesium.  Hot or Cold packs to the affected area (depends if the painful area feels Hot or Cold, one will make it better, the other one makes it worse usually in my experience). Also massage may also help. Acupuncture works synergistically I have found. Note: There are many "Generics" for this Med, Only the original "Brand" & The Mylan Generic really work the same in my experience.”2010Ultram (tramadol):		“Did nothing for my severe pain now unfortunately back to the hydros. Don't like being slightly buzzed constantly but better than hurting. It works for mild pain only for me.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Helps within 20-30 min when taken at onset of cluster headache.  Works best/fastest when taken with a cold, caffeinated soda.  My cluster headaches are followed by 2-4 hours of allodynia, and Ultram helps this, too.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I found that when I take Advil or aspirin with Ultram they seem to make each other more potent. Never take all three together though.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have taken Ultram for long periods of time. My experience with it was pretty good. It did give me relief from moderate pain due to tendonitis at the same time. It gave me a little bit of an energy boost not sure why. But beware going off of this medicine can be just as bad as going of Vicodin.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol saved my life. Fibromyalgia had just about taken my life away. I was constantly in pain, tired, and often in a mental fog. It was causing major problems in my marriage, because the pain, fatigue, and fog made me a horrible husband and father. I wasn't doing my part around the house because of the pain, fatigue, and lack of cognitive clarity. My wife was resentful, and rightfully so. I finally ended up in a Doctor's office in tears - I told him I was "crazy". He said I was not crazy, I was ill. He prescribed tramadol and Cymbalta. My life has completely changed: no pain, no fatigue, and no fog. My life and marriage are restored, and we are happier than ever. Daily, I thank God for a good, knowledgeable doctor, Cymbalta and Tramadol.”2010For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol after 5 days in ICU for a serious head/neck injury. I do not believe this drug has helped my pain. For me Aleve has been much more effective for the treatment of my pain. This medicine has made me sick and VERY dizzy.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I got Restless Leg Syndrome and severe lower back pain due to a horrific car accident. Tramodol made me sick so I had to stop. I have tried all the medicines you can think off, even the ones for epilepsy and anti-seizure drugs. The only thing that gives me relief from the RLS and chronic back pain is slow release morphine. Have now been on it since 1991. If people and doctors knew what living with the RLS and chronic pain is like, they would never doubt or disbelieve you again. Imagine not being able to sit or sleep or lie still anywhere or anytime, forget sleeping at nite, until you are just so physically exhausted and drained from having to move your legs constantly 24hrs a day. It's awful.”2010For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Tramadol is great for getting rid of the pain, which I've had for 20 months with a broken leg. I've stopped taking it now and I can't sleep. Restless body all night.”2010Ultram (tramadol):		“ultram is the only drug ive had that relieved my pain without side effects
i never require increase of dosage which suits me ...i dont want to be sleep
ly at work so its great for that too”2010For Pain:		“it is a drug that does not hinder my abilty to drive or do my daily dutys....it dulls the pain enough for me to do what i need to do   comfortably”2010For Pain:		“I have a bulging disc in my thorasic region. I have been using Tramadol on and off for about 2 years. I have used lots of other pain relievers in the past. This pain reliever to me has very low side effects and I dont feel like I'm doped out like the other pills. The only bad thing is that I start taking only half a pill in the morning and now I need to take more just to relieve some of the pain. I dont really know what else to do. I have tried everything in the book except surgry and I heard thats not even that great. I will just stick to this drug for now.”2010For Pain:		“I have used Tramadol for about 2 weeks for knee, lower back, leg & foot pain. It has been of slight to moderate help, but nothing to brag about.The main side effects were constipation and dry mouth. I had nausea the first 2 times, but didn't take with food. Have no nausea or lightheadedness when taken with food since then.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Have been taking this for only about 3 days. Seems to take away most of the pain. Works better than anything else has for me. I've tried Vicodin, Percocet, and naproxen tablets. This works better than any.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I started taking Tramadol for undiagnosed knee pain about ten years ago.  It was a miracle.  I was actually able to walk for most of the day without pain.  I finally had knee surgery, so I only had to take it a couple times a week.  Then, I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 5 years ago and had brain surgery, which I have had many bad effects from.  The tramadol and also Percocet get me through my days.  I want to kiss whoever created the tramadol.”2010For Pain:		“This is a good drug for those who don't have a lot of pain, for me it is way to weak to stop the pulsating pain in my lower back, and my left leg. I have had these pains since 1987, but didn't start taking pain medication before 2000, when I couldn't stand the pain anymore. A lot of doctors says tramadol is a wonder drug- yes maybe it is, but not for those who are in real pain. As for me the best way to get control of my pain is sadly the old codeine based drugs.”2010For Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for 8 years.  Looking at all these reviews, my first response was that many of these folks are lying. However, maybe the effectiveness of this drug and its side effects are indeed all over the spectrum.  I researched the drug when first starting to use it and it had many fewer warnings and potential side effects then.  It was not considered a narcotic.  Here's my view.  It removed my pain which had me on the verge of suicide, sitting on the foot of my bed in tears.  It removed all my pain, 100% with absolutely no side effects at all.  No dizziness, sleepiness, nausea, withdrawal problems, tolerance  buildup at all.  Taking for 8 years now 100mg at 6:00am and 100mg at 6:00pm every day.  A miracle to me!”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“My very serious problem is my legs. I do always have cramps every time I stand for a longer hours and it really affects my work, after I take this medicine.,I can say that its a miracle! it works for me. I love it!”2010For Pain:		“I've recently taken two doses (one dose per day) of the 37.5 mg and experienced no more pain relief (for lower back, right hip, and C-spine headache) than a Tylenol provides. Oddly, it makes my tinnitus worse. I won't take any more of this medication.”2010Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have peripheral neuropathy that was originally misdiagnosed as fibromyalgia, until I demanded real tests. I've tried Duragesic, Oxycontin, Vicodin, Tylenol with Codeine (developed an allergy to), Lyrica, as well as various other NSAIDS and muscle relaxers. I hated taking narcotics, there is a big family history of drug abuse and it really made me worried that maybe I would start acting like them.  I would say that Ultram ER 300mg plus 2 of the 50mg tabs per day as needed really works well. I do also take 1500mg of gabapentin a day, alprazolam to sleep if needed, and Soma occasionally (maybe 2-3 x/ month). I also use Lidoderm patches and TEDS.  I now can go to college again and don't feel doped up.”2010Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking Ultram (200 mg a day) for several years now.  I found that it does take the top of the pain down but doesn't give me great relief.  I am finding it's effectiveness less and less and will be trying to wean off of it but withdrawal symptoms are pretty bad.  Please be well aware of the dependency issue. ”2010Ultram ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was in a car accident in April 2009. My doctor put me on Flexeril, hydrocodone, and ibuprofen. The hydrocodone helped me stay functional but he took me off of them. I was very careful with taking them but I guess he thought I didn't need them.  So after that, I found out after talking to others that he should have sent me to an Orthopedic. Well, I got a new doctor who referred me to an awesome Orthopedic doctor. He checked me out and took me off the Flexeril and put me on Tramadol ER. He also referred me to a wonderful physical therapy wellness center. Tramadol  has given me my life back!”2010For Pain:		“Tramadol works okay for me. It seems to be good for my degenerative/herniated discs in my neck and lower back. Far better than any over the counter. I prefered Fioricet #3 and/or Percocet (oxycodone). Personal tolerance plays a role. I'm sure that it should be very effective for someone with little or no opiate experience given the right dosage. When I first started taking it I did experience a strong "feel-good" feeling. Which I found out was due to the same action of an SNRI (Effexor, Pristiq). That has lessened, but is still there. The pain management has been the same throughout, however I've had to increase my dosage gradually to 600 mgs/day over about 6 months. Be warned though! Physical dependence is easy to get! The withdrawals are bad!”2010For Pain:		“I use Tramadol for migraine headaches and it works great for me. It takes the pain away, helps me relax, it's almost like a happy pill. It also helps me sleep and what I love most about it is that I don't find myself having to up the dosage at all, even though I take it almost every day I've been taking only 50mg and don't need any more. It actually lasts for most of my day and it doesn't make me drowsy. It just seems to really be a great alternative to more harsh and habit-forming pain relievers. I experienced some constipation for a few days when I first started taking it but then it went away. I would recommend this to anybody who doesn't want to develop a habit for stronger drugs.”2010For Pain:		“I used Tramadol 100 mg every night for 8 months following shoulder surgery.  It worked great and helped with sleep.  Only complaint I have is sudden withdrawal symptoms.  I have had severe nausea, abdominal discomfort, diarrhea and headache.  I started seeing a shrink for other problems and decided to go cold turkey on the Tramadol due to the medicines prescribed by the shrink.  I was NOT advised to do so, and can blame only myself.  It took me 48 hours to figure out why I felt so miserable.  I also have terrible aches and pains in my neck and joints.  If you decide to stop your Tramadol, seek your doctor's advise.  Weaning off is a much better option. ”2010Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“It's okay. I take it (not every day) for back pain and migraines. First time I took it I threw up, probably because I've never taken any narcotic pain killers before. It still frequently makes me nauseous when I take it and takes a good four hours to really kick in and work.

Personally, these days, I find much more luck with medical marijuana. Not habit-forming, and much safer.”2010