For Back Pain:		“I have been taking anywhere from 50 to 150mg of Tramadol per day as a part of my pain management regimen. This regimen includes 3600mg Gabapentin and 15mg Meloxicam per day. I've been on this regimen for 4 years for a back injury and fibromyalgia. My pharmacy switched the manufacturer of my Tramadol and I immediately noticed that the new pill doesn't WORK! I don't mean just in terms of pain relief, there's not even any side effects such as: the warm fuzzy feeling, dizziness, slurred speech, cottonmouth. The 50 mg white oblong pill marked 377 is complete rubbish, because I have to take 4 of them at a time (200mg) to feel the same amount of relief I would get from the previous manufacturer pill (50mg white oval 93/58) which worked GREAT.”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I would not recommend for a sick animal much less a human being
After a back and neck surgery I was given Tramadol for the pain by the specialist but within 5 days I had a massive decrease in movement muscle mass and strength in my left arm and shoulder eg my biceps went from 17in to just under 7in I lost nearly all movement in that arm 
Instead of a decrease in pain I now suffer chronic muscle and nerve pain
I immediately notified the specialist (quack) and his reply was oh there's nothing to worry about 
Even my GP said he couldn't help (needless to say have change specialist and GP]
Slowly over the last 4yrs and with the help of my new GP through exercising my Left arm almost back to normal and have learnt to cope with the pain”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“After taking 15 mg oxycodone for 3 months for my back pain, Dr. decided to put me on 100 mg of tramodol every 6-8 hours as needed. After taking this medicine for only a week, I find it does Nothing for my pain, not even a little. I find taking this medicine for pain is a waste of money as well as whatever it does to your liver. Whoever approved this drug for pain, has never had to take it for pain. Absolutely worthless.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been taking Tramadol 50mg 2 three times daily for well over 5 years now for RLS. I did numerous sleep studys  with a Neurologist who prescribed the combination of Tramadol and Topamax for RLS with Sciatica. It has been an absolute life saver. Like so many other sufferers, had he not come up with this I may have gone crazy it was that bad. I even suffered during the day while trying to sit at a desk it was impossible.  Recently since it has become a controlled medication I get the same reactions from any docs not my regular ones. They treat you sub human like you are a pill junkie, even when you are taking exactly as prescribed. I have tried to stop taking before but the symptoms of RLS immediately return and I cannot handle the RLS.”2016For Back Pain:		“I've been on Tramodol for 6 months for back pain. I can't take narcotics like codeine, oxycodone, etc, as they make me terribly dizzy and nauseous, as well as give me pounding headaches. But I can take Tramodol without any of those effects. Tramodol also doesn't give me a "high" like many painkillers, so I'm never tempted to take extra just to get a buzz. I've been afraid to go beyond the 150 mg/day prescribed by my doc, but there are days when 150 just doesn't feel like enough, so I need to talk to my doc about an increase at times. Overall, this med does a fair job at controlling chronic pain without causing side effects. It's worth trying to see if it will work for you.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Stay away from this drug. Few Doctors know how intense it is and what its effects are.  I was precribed much "stronger" opiates before and after, up to oxycodone. Tramadol blew them out of the water. 

I have (had as of 1month ago) been on tramadol for 7 years.  I have 2 pars fractures in my low back and this was what I relied on to alleviate any pain. I started with a single 50mg/daily and gradually worked up to 400/mg. I never abused the drug, I simply did what the doctor told me to do. 

The level of addiction and dependence to this drug is insane. The withdrawal is the worst thing I have ever experienced. Because of that and its negative effects on my life, relationships, work and happiness, I checked into a detox program and am done.”2016For Depression:		“I have manic depression and anxiety disorder an I also have fibromyalgia and chronic pain this medicine an I also take 600 gabapentin it works for me also help with menopause symptoms but for my depression it really helps keeps me from crying all day and helps me feel better,”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“In 1986, I had Intramedullary rods inserted in my RT femur and LT Humerus, and require internal, and external fixation to stabilize my horribly fractured pelvic.  Since then, I have resisted, for the most part, narcotics.  In early September I was prescribed Ultram.  Not too good...”2016Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Pain:		“You can use ultram to detox yourself from harder stuff like OXY or H. I used it before for withdrawal symptoms and it worked great. In case ur ever withdrawing bad and have some it will help.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I suffer from chronic low back pain due to a bulging disc at L4-L5 and a degenerated disc at L5-S1.My doctor put me on 50mg as needed. Tramadol did nothing for me. No pain relief whatsoever. I slowly increased my dose until I was taking 250mg (5 pills) and still felt absolutely nothing. I am glad to see this medication worked for some people but for me this medication was worthless. This is like taking a sugar pill. If it makes any difference my pills came from Sun Pharmaceuticals.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I've taken tramadol for 6 years for severe migraines,  I've used hydrocodone too but I choose tramadol over hydrocodone as it works better than anything else I've tried, it also helps with my depression and restless leg syndrome, and knee pain that's 4 symptoms of relief in tramadol for me, 100 mg twice a day the only complaint I have is that tramadol is very addictive, If I stop using them I have really bad withdrawals,  hot/cold sweats, trembling,  shaking, loss of sleep, no energy,  nausea, and extremely painful HEADACHES, when my Dr. first told me to take them he said they are not addictive, which is not true, maybe for short small doses but for long term use, they are highly addictive, Use caution when using for a long period of time.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have severe RLS. I tried requip, mirapex, neurontin, lyrica... Like many others who have posted, I had a pinched nerve in my spine (upper back, near my neck) and was prescribed Tramadol. It greatly improved my RLS !! It truly was a God-send !! I do have to take 100mg three times a day. And, if I take it too late, I do have to wait for an hour or so for the symptoms to finally diminish. Also, I have some daytime sleepiness, sluggishness. And now that my pinched nerve has become inflamed again, I have severe RLS even while taking the Tramadol. I am hoping that after having a spinal injection for inflamation, my symptoms will improve once again. Until then, here I am, up with the rest of you, enduring this aggravating condition.”2016For Back Pain:		“Works pretty good. Doesn't screw with your mind .”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I suffer from RLS symptoms that start in the evening when I get off work. As long as I take the tramadol as soon as I get off work before symptoms begin, it works fantastic.”2016For Back Pain:		“Is the best!”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“My life changed because of this medication 15 years ago but after 18 months of use my doctor at the time wouldn't give it to me anymore because he said it wasn't approved for rls and he wasn't gonna take chance of being sanctioned by medical board despite knowing how much I needed it.For next 15 years I obtained tramadol by other means but I now know it's approved for restless legs.The reason I tell this story is because I become victim to pain meds stereotype and I hope that know one ever has to go thru what I did for so long.I would not trade one dose of tramadol for all the pain pills in the world.For all who deal with this miserable miserable condition just know your not alone.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Hi, I'm writing my experience and reviews to help someone out there who is suffering from RLS. When I was a teenager I knew something was wrong with my legs because I would get up in the middle of the night and do excercises until the feelings in my legs went away..my legs bothered me until I graduated from high school. When I was diagnosed with chron's Diease I was put on a medication called Simzia Shots. I took that medicine for about a year and was immediately token off it because of the side effects. This medicine damaged some of the nerves in my brain. The nerves that was damaged triggered to my legs and my symptoms returned. I suffered for about 3 months until I just couldn't take it any more. I'm on Tramadol and it works miracles.”2016For Back Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for over 10 years now. I take 2 50mg pills 3x a day. I have found a huge difference in the generics. I thought mylan was the best , but the last few months something has changed. Its almost like the mylan pills are fake. They don't work at all. They only give me a headache. I used to take amneal until those stopped working. So this month i went to a different pharmacy and got the zydus brand even though i have read bad reviews of zydus brand tramadol. After 1 hour of taking my first dose it was like night and day. These work great. It was almost like the first time I took hydrocodone. I had little pain, my pain went from an 8 to a 2 . I dont take these to get high but I had a warm fuzzy itch all over my body.”2016For Pain:		“Works great for me, two 50mg in the morning lasts all day and two 50mg at night.. I have lower back pain and my hip down my left but to leg...I like it better than oxycodone cause it lasts alot longer.. actually makes me happy, kind of euphoric feeling.. very relaxed.. ”2016For Depression:		“It's by far the most efficient medication for my depression and social anxiety with negligible abuse potential and no side effects, the problem is my psychiatrist refuses to prescribe it to me and even threatened to sue my GP over prescribing it to me for depression, she would rather have me on expansive inefficient shit with tons of side effects because of big pharma lobbying and money she gets from it...Sick world we live in.”2016For Pain:		“In all honesty the first time I had tramadol for pain it did nothing for me. It was after my hip surgery. It didnt work for my surgical pain 4 years ago. But the last surgery I had *gallbladder* removal it worked amazingly well.  I'm not sure why it just did. I requested to be put on it bc the hydro codeine stopped working. I didn't want something stronger I wanted something different. And this last time I fell down my stairs. My hips get stiff sometimes and stop working properly. When this happens I fall down alot. I manged to bruise my lower back to my hip. Doctor gave me tramadol for the acute pain from the bruises on the hip. And it's been wonderful I can move no pain from stiffness I can move in ways I haven't been able to in years”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Absolutely no help. A tic tac gives me just as much relief and fresher breath. Shameful to even be given in my opinion.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I was originally prescribed tramadol more than 20 years ago.  I have a severe case of RLS that affects my legs, arms, and torso.  Anytime I am at rest no matter what time of the day I begin to look like a fish out of water flopping all over the place and the sensation is unbearable.  I have had RLS since childhood and has steadily gotten significantly worse over the years.  If I didn%u2019t have Tramadol to take care of RLS I would probably jump off a bridge or shoot myself, IT IS THAT BAD WITH ME.  I am always at the mercy of my Dr. for a script now that it has been re-classified with the FDA and is now listed as a controlled substance (thanks to those who abuse medications).”2016For Pain:		“I recently broke my right clavicle in half. At first the doctors tried to give me vicodin, but I refused because that drug is very addictive. Don't get me wrong, tramadol is a little addictive, but I have enough control to only take it when my break becomes very painful at times. Advil and etc, did nothing so they gave me tramadol. It really does work, I used to never be able to fall asleep and this does. Also helps tone down the pain while giving me a nice high. I will be happy when my bone heals and I won't need this anymore.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol by my pain management doctor along with gralise (extended release gabapentin) and epidural cortisone injections for pain from cervical and lumbar stenosis. I loved it at first - it enabled me to resume walking and sleeping through the night. But after 3 months I had upped the number of pills I was taking to the max 400mg/day because I was becoming tolerant to it. When I had to go off it due to surgery I decided to stay off it and experienced unpleasant withdrawal of sweats/chills and loss of appetite for about 4 days. Now I use a TENS device for pain at night (FDA recent approved a new device that can be worn at night) and am off tramadol. Tramadol was not a good long term solution for me.”2016For Back Pain:		“White oblong marked 377 I found completely ineffective for relief of my back pain where the white oval marked ouyl 101 was very effective in managing my pain I don't understand how they can call it the same drug I'm no expert here but I would think the potential for catastrophic results exists in such situations”2016For Pain:		“I broke my nose and was prescribed tramadol by the dr after whatever shot the gave me in the hospital did not take away the pain. Took 2 and the pain went away. It worked great for me and made me feel really good and drowzy. This definitely worked for me and I was able to sleep at night. Was able to go off it no problem and weened myself down by not taking it so often”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol for spinal stenosis and peripheral neuropathy about 11 years ago along with Lyrica.  It seemed to help the pain for several years, but I started noticing the sweating if I was as late on a dose.  After several years I wondered if it was the pain I felt or withdrawal symptoms.  This last weekend we left town and I forgot my pills.  I am cold turkey now only because I want off.  It is not pleasant, but doable I hope.  I was prescribed 400 mgs/day, but usually only took 300 unless the pain got real bad.  And yes, it did help my pain.  I was told I would be on both meds for life.  I want off the tramadol, but I can't get off the Lyrica.  I tried.”2016For Depression:		“I have been using tramadol for my depression, anxiety, and it has also helped me quit drinking and smoking.
This has been a miracle for my mental health wellness.  I have tried everything and nothing works better than tramadol.  Plus is helped me stop drinking which was huge!”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Had spine surgery and Tramadol hasn't touched the pain.  When Darvacet N-100 was available my pain was managed and it's not a narcotic! Yet, the FDA because a few people had cardiac issues (probably had before taking the med) took Darvocet    N-100 off the market! Now the government wants to limit the narcotics we get and keep us in constant pain so our daily lives are spent trying different avenues to ease the pain. I've had so many complications from Tramadol that I can't read, I fall, I can't drive and I'm greatly depressed. None of which I was having before. This is a sugar pill and I have stopped taking since it only causes me harm...thinking of going to a Naturopathic physician since the government is involved in big pharm.”2016For Depression:		“Self medicating currently at around 150mg daily in 3 doses. Sometimes depression hits me hard and I bump it up to 200mg. Crushing depression makes me want to give up everything and makes me hate everything but Tramadol makes me calm and I can do things again.”2016For Pain:		“Two months ago I suffered sudden severe pain in my right ear, I started first with acetaminophen 500mg but the pain still moderate to severe, after 2 hours of first dose of acetaminophen I took another pill 500mg too but pain not relieved. It was night I asked roommate if have painkiller  other than acetaminophen he gave me voltaren dispersible I got a slight pain relieve. Next day in the morning I went to hospital with very severe pain; ER gave an injection of diclofenac and prescribed to me Zaldiar tablets which is  tramadol combined with acetaminophen . With the ear drops and antibiotics ENT doctor prescribed to me laterI I used Zaldiar for 5 days as the pain continued severely for 3 days it was very effective pain killer.”2016For Back Pain:		“I have multiple herniated disks from L3 to S1 and was given this for pain. It didn't help at all with the pain and actually made me feel worse. It made me tremble and sweat terribly; this medication did nothing for my pain.”2016For Pain:		“Took for short term (5 weeks) after double knee replacement. I took it as directed two 50mg tablets twice daily.  When I tried to discontinue this drug I had horrible withdrawal symptoms.  I was not warned that it had a dependency potential and it was given to me billed as much safer then Hydrocodone as far as addiction. Heads up if you are going to take this medication for very long.”2016For Pain:		“I have fibromyalgia.  I also have a knee injury.  My knee pain was reduced by this medication,  which let the rest of my body calm down.  No side effects.”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“Once the Doctors discovered I had Fibro I celebrated. For years between my severe sleep apnea, chronic fatigue and Fibro I did not know what was wrong with me. I slept an average 15 plus hours a day. As with many of you my family and friends did not know what to think. The Doctors are still trying to work out a prescription plan for me. I tried cymbalta and I strongly suggest those with Fibro stay away from it and the other two they are experimenting on patience with Fibro. For now we are all guinea pigs and it appears there are thousands more every year being dx with Fibro. So, I asked WHY? No One Knows. Is it our GMO foods, our air, our water, pollution causing so much pain in our body? Again, no one knows. So far Tramodol is not working.”2016For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication while I was stationed in Korea.  Halloween 2015 I was going on a 3 hours bus ride to a party on a boat.  I didn't think about the fact that I'd be drinking in 4 hours and I just thought "Oh, I'm going on a bus, I better take my pain meds because my back always hurts on buses."  Needless to say I remember getting on the boat and the next thing I know I'm waking up in a Hotel room the next morning.  It was my first and last blackout I've ever experienced.  I don't know how much I had to drink but my friends said I was really out of it throughout the night and got a bit crazy.  Definitely do not mix this drug with alcohol because I was lucky and only blacked out, it totally could of killed me.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I was given tramadol for my knee pain. What a joke. It did absolutely nothing for my pain. The dr. wouldn't give me anything else, so I just suffer with it.”2016For Depression:		“So for pain there just alright like a 7  they do last longer than other pain pills- but for my deprssion I feel like a better more capable man when I'm on them.  When my supply is gone and I cant find a doc or medical I become suicidal. With them I can live a normal or somewhat normal life”2016For Chronic Pain:		“After examining my MRI, my doctor diagnosed me with a herniated cervical disk where the hernia is pinching a nerve. I had an excruciating pain that shot through my left shoulder blade all the way down my arm. The pain is akin to being bashed on my upper arm several times with a baseball bat. Until my diagnosis I was laid up flat on my back in bed for about a week like in paralysis. My doctor prescribed a combination of Lyrica (pregabulin) and tramacet (tramadol). It has been a miracle for me. I've been experimenting with the dosages. I'm currently on extended release tramacet (100mg) and Lyrica (75mg) 4 times a day. I sometimes take an extra  tramacet IR (37mg) for breakthrough pain. This seems to be the bare minimum which works for me.”2016For Pain:		“tramadol is the sorry ass meds that they give u.. its just a upgraded aspirin .. why go to the doctor when you can go to any wal mart and spend less on aspirin”2016For Depression:		“I've suffered from chronic depression for over 20 years.  I've been on a number of antidepressants and nothing has worked long term. I was put on this drug to ease the pain of a back injury and quite surprisingly and unexpectedly my depression symptoms disappeared completely. I became a happy productive individual overnight. Amazing!  Too bad it's an addictive opiate, and I imagine that, over time, the benefit would wane.”2016For Pain:		“When I took it,  it was for a severe headache.  It took the headache away but I experienced pretty much all of the side effects such as : faintness, dizziness, and nausea”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I was prescribed this for disc pain and spinal stenosis. I realized it helps my RLS. I usually only take for back pain 2-3 mornings a week. If I have a pain free week my RLS flairs up and I take one and in 30 minutes I'm good. I DO NOT have to take 2-3 times a day every day. I have had RLS for 30 years and only found relief once I hurt back 4 yrs ago.”2016For Pain:		“I tried tramadol at the suggestion of my Dr as I don't like how Lortab etc makes me feel.  It didn't seem to help though. Then I read somewhere to take it with an extra strength Tylenol.  It's like a miracle.  The two together worked so well for me.  It was suggested that the combination of the two enhanced the effectiveness.  It did for me.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol is my miracle drug! 50mg 4-6 times a day but usually only need about 3 for my chronic pain. It doesn't keep me up at night like other opiates (i've tried many others) but what I love most about Tram's is that they aren't as addicting as the other opiate pain meds on the market! Take 1 tramadol and the pain goes away! Not to mention it puts me in a great mood- not like a "high" or euphoria but almost like what an antidepressant should do- or a mood enhancer. I don't find it addicting as it is extremely mild, but it definitely gets the job done. I've been on it for months and i'm so glad I asked my dr to switch me from Oxycodone to these. Tramadol also helps with my anxiety too! Only downside is that they give me headaches sometimes.”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I've been dx with Fibromyalgia. NSAIDs are not recommended as first line of pain relief. I'm on an SSRI, a migraine RX, sleeping aids, anti anxiety, a muscle relaxer. Slowly but surely my Dr has been increasing my dose. I am currently at max dose per my Dr, 2-50mg tablets 4 times a day. I can't say that it helps. Out of all my meds, I don't think any of it really helps. :-(”2016For Anxiety:		“I have been the guinea pig, like most of us who suffer from anxiey, depression, ocd tendencies, etc.  I have tried more "psych" meds then I care to count.  Some did nothing.  Some made me physically sick.  One made me homicidal.  I have never been a fan of narcotics.  They too do not agree with me.  After herniated disc/back surgery 3 years ago, Dr said I needed to take at least something.  So I got Tramadol.  200mg a day. If I had pain, I was too calm and happy to notice.  Life was great!  I had energy and focus.  I was on this regimen for about 20 days.  About the third day into not taking Tramadol, I felt like hell!  Talked with PCP who pulled me off lexapro and now I take this.  Do have .5mg xanax for bad panic attacks.  I feel amazing!”2016For Anxiety:		“Several yrs ago I was diagnosed with severe anxiety disorder.  Had back surgery a couple yrs back and was prescribed Tramadol for pain. Turns out Tramadol (50-100 mg/day) works great for anxiety for me. If you take it for anxiety, make sure if asked that you say it is prescribed for pain as well. Several pharmacists tell me if you say it's for anxiety only, they "have" to report you and your MD and you both may be arrested. Not sure if the pharms are right, but if they are, it appears this is another case where a few abusers screw it up for the rest of us. It was not on the controlled substance list until very recently. In any event in my experience Tramadol is very effective to treat anxiety disorder.”2016For Back Pain:		“I've taken Tramadol 50mg 3x a day for 3 yrs because of my L1 vertebra being crushed in an accident. It does reduce the pain level down to tolerable. A word of caution though, this medication is addictive. As with all opioid like meds, withdrawal symptoms are very very hard to deal with.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am taking 450 mg of Tramadol per day 250 in the morning and 200 in the evening it's works most of the time on a crumbling spine but I have stopped getting RLS I have been on them for about 15 years now sometimes they don't touch the lower back pain.”2016For Pain:		“I have been given this medicine on and off for the past several years.  I have Crohns and Colitis and it is given for the pain and spasms that happen at any given time.  It has done nothing but upset my stomach and cause stomach ulcers.  Doctors are unwilling to prescribe anything else as none of them are good for working to maintain a healthy gut.  However, it does it make it hard for me to be able to live and work with the pain so I end up in the hospital more than I would like.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I take this for severe back pain and a herniated disc in my neck. I take them only when I'm out of percoscet. 

They do Nothing for pain. They don't make me tired, high, happy, reduce any pain. They don't help anything. Sometimes I'll get a headache from them. These are given by doctors too scared of the DEA to actually help people in pain. It's a shame what has happened to the American healthcare system and our government. People who need help, can't get it. That's what these pills are, a placebo to not help you.”2016For Pain:		“Everyone is different and not everyone will like tramadol but I suffer from chronic TMJ dysfunction where my jaw locks up, clicks and pops and is so very painful all the time. I was prescribed 50 mg to take 1-2 tabs every 6 hours. It worked AMAZING. I love tramadol for any type of pain including back pain that I have on occasion. Only down side is it can make you constipated, can make you go through opioid withdrawal if not tapered off of it gradually when stopping and also long term use can make the dose less effective and you will have to either take a break from it or be prescribed a stronger narcotic because more than 2 tablets of tramadol can damage your stomach kidneys etc.”2016GenRx Tramadol (tramadol) for Pain:		“Tramadol is worse then useless. It has done nothing for the pain of a broken rib. The pain is the same weather I take the drug or not.”2016For Pain:		“I had two teeth pulled and was given Tramadol 50 mg. I used it maybe three times, but it did nothing. I still had pain and had a terrible time trying to sleep. I found that 3 ibuprofen worked better and I didn't need a prescription for that. So the Tramadol went in the medicine cabinet never to be used again.”2016For Pain:		“Prescribed for pain on a as needed basis. Make me feel euphoric but does little for the pain. Makes me itch and I don't sleep well when taking. Always wake up with a hangover type headache. Now, If I mix it with a Goodys power or another NSAIDs it works ok. Side effects are still problematic.”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have back pain every day of my life.  My doctor prescribed Ultram.  I took it for a few weeks and the pain never subsided at all.  This drug is as useful as screen windows in a submarine.
And. . .After I stopped taking it I had bad withdrawals!!  Do not take this drug!!!!!”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol is not a very good pain medication nor is Ultram.  These two drugs did not work at all.


Stick to  Tylenol or Advil.”2016For Pain:		“Diagnosed with double hernia this weekend. Considerable pain. This is the first time I've taken Tramadol. Pain went from a "9" to a "2". Also I  feel better mentally and had a very good nites sleep.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Was given Tramadol for back pain and stiffness, then realized it helped my RLS. Now my doctor wants me off of it because she said that it is not known to treat RLS. I was taking two tablets in the evening. Now she has me trying Ropinirole HCL. I am recovering from a hip replacement and doing so well until my doctor took me off the Tramadol, now I am exhausted and feel like I am not progressing with recovery. Don't want to go anywhere or do anything. If I was taking 200 tablets a week, I could understand their concern, but I am taking 14 tablets a week. After reading everyone's comments, I plan on talking to my doctor to inform her that there are people using Tramadol with success. Maybe there is hope!”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I have to say so far this has really helped my Fibromyalgia and unexpectedly seems to be helping my treatment resistant depression. For the last 5 year's I've also been suffering from PTSD after my fiance died. I've been diagnosed also with Lupus and Diverticulosis. Most days before starting on Tramadol I felt like one day just passed in misery between constant pain, burning nerves, cramped muscles and bad sleep.At first when taking it once a day for  4 day's I felt agitated, weepy, etc. However, I'd taken it before (dentist appointment)&was fine. So, I checked the brand (Actavis)& sure enough the following month I made sure to get a different brand& NOW I'm much better, happier, like a normal person!!! Thank God! I hope It continues!”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I've been taking tramadol 50mg 1 x daily for. A week now;i suffer from chronic pain from fibromyalga. And a few injuries/my pain was becomming a hindering problem in mylif;also suffer from deppression/anxiety/debilitating,at times! i was willing to try anything;have tried i thought everything!always didnt feel right,sideeffects ect!;but my fibro md,asked me if i wanted to try tramadol;i can say overall in the first few hours of taking felt a sence of relief n happiness;i also suffer from ptsd;n mdd so it seems to help with that as well,i sometimes pop a couple motrin  to just take the edge off;but not nearly as much thank God!i think im slowly getting my life back!sincerly #nanaofnine”2016For Pain:		“Hi , I take Tramadol every 8 hours 50 Mg.  I have Factor 5 mutation a blood clotting disorder. Both my legs are filled with chronic blood clots threw my groin and I also suffered PE. in December. I  was going to my Pain Dr for 2 years telling him it's not working for me. All he seemed to do was tell me he was not going to put me on anything else... So I gave up and feel left out like the trash my my Medical Dr. I did every nerve test and they came out fine, I went to at least 10 different Drs not just for my pain but my " Green Fitler " as well and Blood Drs and so forth .. to be told that the nerve test  they gave me wont show this type of nerve pain I am in agonoy 24]7 I cry my self to sleep most nights and suffer greatly .”2016For Pain:		“Is it the most random drug in the universe or what?

Until I was given a prescription that didn't play well with tramadol, I had a fairly high dose RX for a pain disorder, and my spouse had also been on it for an injury. We joked that tramadol seems to roll a six sided die when you take it. 1-no effect at all. 2-no effect on pain, but nausea and feeling icky. 3-no effect on pain, but you're too stoned out to care. 4-too stoned out to do anything, but pain is gone. 5-no pain, but you feel awful. 6. no pain, and also not stoned.

We both tried a pain tracker app to see if there was any rhyme or reason to the randomness. Nope. The food you eat, time you take it, etc., seems to have no effect...how it will effect you is random.”2016For Anxiety:		“I was put on tramadol for pain associated with a staph and yeast infection.  Not only did it help greatly with my pain but reduced my anxiety and depression to a minimum.  I find myself getting things done more effective and happier when completing my daily tasks whether at work or at home.  I was a daily drinker and since starting tramadol I have had nothing to drink , nor do I feel the need to go back to drinking for anything.  I am also type 1 diabetic and tramadol can help lower blood sugars and keep them more stable in my experience.  Awesome medication, I take about 100mg daily.  I split the 50mg in 2 and take two 25mg doses a half an hour apart twice a day.   If I miss a dose or run out, I never have any negative experiences...”2016For Back Pain:		“I take TRAMADOL 200mg per day for lower back pain. It does nothing to help the pain I am in. It does not even still a headache. If it such a great painkiller, why can't still a headache as well as lower back”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have severe restless legs-have had since I was a kid. I used to just be very restless and just couldn't keep legs still, but now decades later, I also have lots of pain in legs along with the horrible restlessness. Anyway, I've tried benzos, anti-depressants, sleeping pills, Requip, Horizant, Nuerotin, and many natural remedies in the form of creams and supplements. The ONLY thing that has worked for me is Tramadol. I only take 50mg 30 min before bed and it gets rid of both pain and restlessness. I've read all the negative stuff regarding Tramadol but feel that at this low does it's worth sleeping at night. I have also recently looked into a vibrating pad called "Relaxis"- is expensive and need a prescription to get this.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“After a 3-month heavy regimen of surgeon-prescribed oxycodone due to a head-on collision, the oxy was replaced with generic tramadol 50 mg, 1-2 tablets every 4-6 hours. At first I hated it, the numerous side effects caused more suffering than my injuries. I later saw a pain-management specialist who lowered the dosage considerably for my 90-lb frame to 25 mg every 8 hrs and I've had much improvement. My pain is more tolerable, I have no more side effects, nor do I need to sign a waiver to obtain it. Most importantly, I can now  function more normally and even drive short distances again. In my case, the correct dosage is the key to success.”2016For Pain:		“After a 3-month heavy regimen of surgeon-prescribed oxycodone due to a head-on collision, the oxy was replaced with generic tramadol 50 mg, 1-2 tablets every 4-6 hours. At first I hated it, the numerous side effects caused more suffering than my injuries. I later saw a pain-management specialist who lowered the dosage considerably for my 90-lb frame to 25 mg every 8 hrs and I've had much improvement. My pain is more tolerable, I have no more side effects, nor do I need to sign a waiver to obtain it. Most importantly, I can now  function more normally and even drive short distances again. In my case, the correct dosage is the key to success.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol 100mg as needed works very well for with my ghost pain that I experience in my left index finger and thumb that was amputated with a table saw. It does not help with my chronic intractable sciatica which I have to use stronger drugs for.  At the same time the stronger narcotics ( morphine ER 100mg and percocet 10/325mg ) don't help with my ghost pain.”2016For Back Pain:		“It helps with the pain but makes me vomit every time I take it and shaky, just not for me however; others I know have taken it and it helped them”2016For Vulvodynia:		“I've tried everything! 800mg Ibuprofen, Amitriptyline, Valium suppositories (oral form as well), and pretty much every narcotic.. Tramadol was the only one that gave me my life back. I wasn't able to function or complete daily activities before. I've had Vulvodynia for 5 years, with no pain relief. This is my miracle drug! Just one 50mg dose can have me feeling NORMAL. 95% pain-free! I'm praying that I can find a doctor to prescribe me this for vaginal pain/muscle spasms. I've only tried 2 temporary scripts so far for "as needed" basis. It would mean the world to me to feel like myself again (forgot what that was like), just until I can find a way to heal my condition. My heart goes out to anyone suffering. Hang in there, there is hope..”2016For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for pain relief after having all four of my wisdom teeth removed. After reading some of the reviews I felt like I had to post my experience, because everybody is different when it comes to pain tolerance and medication. I'm taking 2, 50mg, roughly every 8 hours (or whenever I'm noticeably uncomfortable) it worked, and still is, working wonders for me. Quick acting, no pain, and a euphoric feeling for many hours, but not debilitating - I still function fine, if not better. Sucks that it doesn't work for some people which in turn might turn others off from giving it a shot when it may work wonderfully for them! I can see how it could become addictive for people with addictive personalities, so be careful.”2016For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol by an emergency room doctor until I can get in to get my wisdom teeth removed. I'm supposed to take one pill every six hours, but only take one pill whenever I have absolutely unbearable pain, that doesn't go away within one hour. The pain relief is quick, within 20 minutes, takes from a 10 on the pain scale to about 5. Terrible nausea, shakes, lightheadedness, and sweats if I don't eat plenty before or right after taking this medication. Constipation also caused, clears up two or three days after ceasing.”2016Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol ER 100 milligrams 3 times a day for over 6 years I have found out that in the beginning it helped but now as my pain has increased and my disease become more severe it doesn't help at all I have never experienced any side effects other than constipation when I add it with the rest of my meds such as Vicodin to help with the pain. I do realize that when I am taking the Vicodin it does give me the itches other than that I can't say I've experienced any other side effects.”2016For Anxiety:		“I have a history of migraines & Cervical Stenosis at C6-C7 with bulging of disc causing constant muscle tension in my neck/shoulders.  I have a long history of Bipolar D/O,depression & anxiety & recent  development of panic attacks (r/t recurrent missed miscarriages).  I have been treated with various psych/antidepressants/anti-anxiety meds over the past 23 years.  I had been prescribed various meds also to help with migraines to no avail with exception of Maxalt to relieve impending migraine episodes.  When I was prescribed Tramadol for migraines & chronic muscle/neck/shoulder pain I began to see a huge decrease in my anxiety & motivation & wanting to face each day.  I too hope they will consider Ultram for tx of anxiety/mood d/o.”2016For Back Pain:		“Works.wonders...had.l3-4 spine.sirgery when I was 21..tried all.types.of.narcotics..perks-to patches and.they didnt.do anything...even cortizone.shots..aqua therapy..nothing.worked...best relief and.still.take.it.when pain.is.bad n.going.down my leg n.can.barely move...now.40'and.still.works.wonders..I don't take.every day so no.side effects..just tske when pain is real.bad...”2016For Back Pain:		“Helps with pain. In the begining made me constipated but only the first 2 weeks.I slept more at least 8 hrs a night. For me it worked together with flexeril and lyrica. I was taking it 3 times a day and now is 1/2 pill twice a day .I am off of lyrica and trying to get of tramadol too.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Had restless legs for many years also had sciatica and was prescribed Tramadol and found that it worked wonders for RLS but doctor will not prescribe me Tramadol anymore as it's become a controlled drug now I have to take Ropinirole and the side effects are awful all they do is make me vomit all night. Suffering BIG time because I not allowed Tramadol anymore which worked perfectly without any side-effects. There needs to be ALOT of reviewing about RLS because it ruins lives. Tramadol should be prescribed for RLS no matter what.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I suffer from severe chronic pain nearly 24/7 I have diabetic neuropathy, lymphedema and no circulation in my legs, all combined are pain beyond belief. Tramadol relieves my pain better than any pain meds I have been on.”2016For Back Pain:		“My personal experience..it helps my back pain for a couple hours, but I just have to keep downing 100MG every 2 hours and I'm not doing that. You get high off of it with little pain relief. My side effects: severe headaches, nausea, dizziness.**IF YOU ARE TAKING ANTI DEPRESSANTS research SEROTONIN SYNDROME** Can also increase depression. Stay safe & check this site for drug interactions.
Doctors prescribe Tramadol for pain they don't consider severe enough for say percocet or vicodin, but severe enough that it still needs an opiate to manage the pain. Tramadol is the little brother of the opiate/opioid family. People don't talk about "Tramadol abuse" but it is very addictive and for tons of people it simply does not cut it for chronic pain”2016Tramedo (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Good day to you all.
First of all just wanted to mention this web-sites words really did make me laugh, that's out comments are:
".......not a substitute for the expertise, skill, knowledge and judgement of healthcare practitioners in patient care."  I have been on tramadol now for five months and I have never had so much hassle from incompetent medical professional people.

Anyhow throughout the time I have taken generic Tramadol I've been put on two other brands and this generic is by far the best. Of the medical professionals all but one have been able to realise that there are differences with different brands. I find this by far the strongest and most powerful. There again everyone is individual so this may not apply with all people.”2016For Anxiety:		“I wish doctors would prescribe for  lower dosages of opiate withdrawal instead of the also highly addictive methadone & suboxone. IT WORKS.  While quitting "cold turkey"  from morphine, I discovered that tramadol takes away about 80% of withdrawal symptoms. I took tramadol  and lopermide for 1 week, then completely quit the tramadol. It was a life saver.”2016For Pain:		“Doctors prescribe Tramadol for pain they don't consider severe enough for say percocet or vicodin, but severe enough that it still needs an opiate to manage the pain. Tramadol is the little brother of the opiate/opioid family. People don't talk about "Tramadol abuse" but it is very addictive and for tons of people it simply does not cut it for chronic pain. My personal experience..it helps my back pain for a couple hours, but I just have to keep downing 100MG every 2 hours and I'm not doing that. You get high off of it with little pain relief. My side effects: severe headaches, nausea, dizziness.
**IF YOU ARE TAKING ANTI DEPRESSANTS research SEROTONIN SYNDROME** Can also increase depression. Stay safe & check this site for drug interactions”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“This is miserable! Tramadol hasn't touched the pain or discomfort. I have many pain killers but not sure which to take now that I've taken 1 tramadol at 5 pm and another at 9pm with no relief at all! HELP!”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I've been taking Tramadol 100 mg per day for fibromyalgia for more than 4 years. Tramadol is my lifeline in combination with gabapentin and muscle relaxant.”2016For Anxiety:		“I started taking tramadol after my gastroenterologist told me that I needed to immediately stop taking ibuprofen.  I had developed a pre-ulcer condition due to all the ibuprofen I had been taking for headaches that I got pretty often.  So I began to take tramadol instead for headaches and for arthritis pain.  After about a week of taking tramadol 50mg, I realized that I was feeling happier than I had felt in a very long time.  I had been under the care of a psychiatrist for years due to anxiety and depression and had been on so many anti-depressants that I lost count.  None of them worked for me.  So when I realized how good I was  feeling, I researched tramadol for depression and voila! I found out that it was actually helping many people.”2016Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“The first 3 days I took Tramadol Hcl tablets, 1/2 tablet in the morning, and the other half at night, as per my doctor's orders.  They were 50mg. tablets.  Had a slight adverse reaction the second time they were prescribed for me, so had to go slow. Most of the pain disappeared for those 3 days.  On the fourth day, I took my usual dose-1/2 of a 50mg. tablet with a full glass of water, as usual.  Within a few hours, I began to experience some of the side effects listed: nausea, dizziness, diarrhea, headaches, itchiness, upset stomach, and lightheadedness.  I also had a few extra side effects: constant belching, acid reflux, and shortness of breath.  These events lasted for several hours.”2016For Pain:		“It works pretty good. I take 200mg at a time and it takes away the pain, relieves anxiety, and makes me happy”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I live in Mexico and a prescription is not needed.  I take 4 50mg a day for neck pain. No side affects at all.  Also helps with some joint pain.”2016For Anxiety:		“I have suffered with anxiety for as long as I can remember, I have tried quite a lot of anti anxiety medications. Those medications did help with the anxiety but left me feeling a bit foggy. I was prescribed tramadol for pain relief, as a pain reliever it was okay. What I did notice was my anxiety was gone and I felt very calm, not out of it just calm and focused with a very positive outlook. Hopefully more research will be done as it would seem I'm not the only person who has experienced this.”2016For Anxiety:		“I was prescribed ultram 50 mg every 6 hours as needed for my hidradenitis supprativa (a painful skin condition that causes abscesses and cysts in groin, axilary areas). I took it for two days (only once) and it did absolutely nothing for my pain so I shelved it for about 2 months. About 2 weeks ago I had a serious flare up which resulted in severe pain and discomfort, so I decided to try the ultram again, but this time I took two. Again, it didn't do anything for the pain, but I did notice that I was extremely calm and serene. I thought I was the only one who's experienced this "anti-anxiety" effect, but since then, I've been using it for just that-- anxiety. It works.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've been taking just 50mg of Tramadol for the past 4 to 5 years. I have what I consider to be pretty severe RLS, having had it since I was first made to sit in a school room all day.  It's getting worse as I get older, 2 brothers and mother also suffer from it, all of us for over 50 years.
I'm trying to do the least amount possible and still have it be effective.Mid-afternoon is when I first feel it in my legs and sometimes elbows. That's when I take 1/2 of the 50 mg of tramadol and an hour before bed, I take the other 1/2 along with 1requip (ropinirole) 1mg, and renatidine (antacid) to block the resulting acid reflux. This pretty much works for me but it makes me tired, though not as tired as not sleeping!”2016For Depression:		“A few years back I developed anxiety and depression. Went on the SSRI and hated it. My dr. Then gave me Tramadol for my back and shoulder pain. But I found that it works better for me for my depression and anxiety.  After about 30 minutes from taking the pill I start to feel normal again and levelheaded”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“tramadol never worked for me and i have severe RLS. i have had RLS since i was 8 years of age and now am 36. I do have a high tolerance to many medications or they are only effective for a short period of time before i need an increase of dose. However i never found tramadol at any dose to help.”2016For Back Pain:		“Pulled muscles in lower back from lifting on delivery route. Needed meds I could take during the day while driving. One 50mg in the am with 2 Advil liquidgels & I'm pain free all day. Best side effect has been the clarity to mental processes. Like a cloud has been lifted & my concentration dramatically increased. Focus like I've never experienced before & general attitude improvement. Worse side effect is the occasional constipation but that's what prunes are for. This is my "Limitless" pill from the movie”2016For Pain:		“Tramadol is a drug that does not work for everyone. I found that different generic brand of tramadol work better than others. I have had the best luck with teva and mylan. The others give me a horrible headache, and dont do anything for my back pain. Also the less you take the better off you are. I take 6 pills a day that are 50mg. I take them 2 at a time every 8 hours. Some people have a hard time finding mylan , teva , and northstar generics. You just have to do the leg work. I get the mylan at walmart. Most places have amneal, and caraco because its cheaper. I can say the brand name ultram is the best by far, and cvs will order it for me, but 180 pills is way to much for me. If you can afford the brand name ultram go for it.”2016For Pain:		“gave me a buzz, did not kill any pain at all (ear infection/throat infection, swelling, pressure).  Increased dosages just got me more buzzed with the same excruciating pain.”2016For Anxiety:		“I've tried over 15 anti anxiety and anti depression medications for over 20 years along with thousands of hours of talk therapy. Last year I tried Tramadol for anxiety and it works for me. I take no other drugs, only 150mg of tramadol pretty much daily. My PCP of many years is onboard with the off label use of tramadol for this reason.  I have no side affects except for a few intestinal "grumbles" now and then. I'm very pleased after all these years to have something that works. I feel like I can breath easier, less fear, more positive, more relaxed but in a good way. Not sedated or sleepy. Able to do things on my own.  I hope it works for others that have been drug resistant to all the typical drugs.”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I was recently dx w/ Fibromyalgia. I take 50mg of Tramadol when I'm having a "bad pain day" which is about 3x per week. Tramadol seems to take the edge off the pain as well as increase my energy level and put me in a better mood. 
Downsides: it usually causes a mild upset stomach (for the first 30-60mins), it takes about an hour to kick in, and rarely it makes me a little nauseous. 
Overall, I'm pleased with this drug. My provider had told me that Hydrocodone/Oxycodone medications will worsen my Fibromyalgia syndrome in the long run, but that taking Tramadol as needed is a good method of treatment.”2016For Pain:		“Have Ledderhose syndrome for 12 years now. Had four growths removed and am on number 5 and 6 now. this is better the zapain. less side effects plus always a good up feeling. been on it 2 years after zapain for 8 years. I do live in the UK so have National health service . But I work 40 hours  a week in a casino. I had to change jobs from pitboss/ inspector to cashier  so I can sit down. Always cycled to work but have recently developed issues with my hip and back. So stay as active as possible. and good luck people”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Started taking tramadol in 2009 for back and hip pain. It worked awesome and made me somewhat hyper! Lost 10 pounds, which was good because with that kind of pain you don't want extra weight bearing down on you! Was up to 6/50 mg a day at one point and they seemed to not work as well so I dropped to 3/day for a few years with success. Pain is worse now so I'm back up to 4/day. This is very addictive, I've had horrible withdrawal symptoms if I forget to take one before bedtime. Morning comes and I'm in horrific pain and having withdrawals, not a pretty picture! Usually takes 5 or more hours to get back to normal and be a person again! Also, am nauseous every time I take it but only for about 5 minutes.”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I took this drug for approximately 2 months and while it helped a bit during the day, the multitude of side effects were much worse! My skin itched so bad I felt like I had bugs, and my joint pain was horrible. I have two herniated discs and I'm in constant pain, but this was definitely not the pain medication for me.”2016For Anxiety:		“I approached my psychiatrist who told me he'd never heard of this off-label use for Tramadol and he would not prescribe.  I went back to my former (beloved) psychiatrist who'd stopped accepting insurance (hence the change).  He was sympathetic, but said he couldn't prescribe it, risking his license.  He suggested my G.P.  I was sure she'd say no, so I never asked until last Friday over the patient portal.  I said I needed it for chronic hip and knee pain (not untruthful) and I was surprised she prescribed.  Now I am torn about visiting her and requesting more.  I am afraid she will not give more for the stated reason and really will not give more if I divulge the true reason.  I see my psychiatrist Monday and will seek his advice.”2016For Anxiety:		“I had two very old bottles of Tramadol stashed away because they never really worked for pain.  One day I had significant enough pain that I decided to give them a try again.  Again, it didn't do anything for the pain.  I did notice, though, that my entire outlook on life had drastically improved.  It didn't make me "high", but it alleviated my extreme social anxiety and made me feel positive and upbeat when I am often a person who is disappointed about waking up each day.  My son could tell when I did or didn't take it because he notices a dramatic difference in me.  I used the ones I had wisely until I ran out.  I researched online to find that I was far from being the only person who has had this experience, so... (to be continued)”2016For Pain:		“I was in a car wreck with whiplash. eye sensitivity, pain from mid back of head down spine to below shoulder blades, and out to both shoulders, and involving full lumbar area. Doctors put me on this stuff for the intense pain. I took it for two days, hoping it would help. OMG it double-downed my pain. I wanted to kill anyone and everyone, walls, sheets, everything that got in my way or accidently pissed me off. Called the doctor and literally growled at her about how much I hurt. I expected double pain to some extent after that kind of a shake up but this was beyond acceptable and as soon as it was out of my system I still hurt but was back under 10 on that 1 to 10 scale.”2016For Pain:		“I will be reporting back often. I am on my third day of Tramadol and it seems to be a miricle. I have been pain free. I am taking one 50 mg tab every 12 hours. I also take methocarbamol 750 mg every four hours and Xanax 0.5 mg every 8 hours. I have not been pain free in 10 years. I am reading such bad things about tramadol on this website that I'm getting afraid to take it. I thought I had found my miracle but if the side effects are true I don't want to have anything to do with this medication. Feedback please.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Successful use for 20 years...multiple sclerosis pain. No side effects. Careful monitoring with dr.”2016For Pain:		“I was precribed tramadol acetominophen for post operative pain and found it very effective, muting it to the point where i could forget about it. I noticed immediately that it also put me in a super good mood, just pleased about everything... Very nice, but I can see how easy it would be to become addicted to it and am backing off after only a few days.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have been prescribed Tramadol 50mg tablets to be taken 2 tablets at once every 6 hours a day and have been on this medication for 3 months now. Suffering from chronic neck and head pain for 3 years with no final diagnosis except for maybe possible whiplash or stress related, I have not recieved any help from numerous physicans I constantly visited. After countless failed non-opioid pain medications and physical therapy sessions I was prescribed Tramadol a synthetic opiod pain medication. 1st month had full pain relief with no problems, 2nd month I developed a tolerance and had to take 2 every 4 hours, 3rd month I am getting little to no relief and stopped taking it, which has me in withdrawal and pain. I do not recommend Tramadol at all.”2016For Depression:		“Wonderful drug for depression with no weight gain.
Had been on it for 12 months and then decided to wean off it - after 18 months it came back (I have suffered from depression since I was 6) 
 Have now been back on it for 3 months and feel "normal" again and motivated.
I have never been suicidal but I do lose interest in everything and lose my creativity.
Sex drive at times is non existent but I force myself to masturbate (Yes - I am single) because if I don`t masturbate I get an awful ache in my testis so masturbating even just twice a day helps and also I was told it may prevent prostate cancer. To be honest though if losing my sex drive is the worst of it then I don`t care as I`m enjoying life again”2016For Pain:		“I hand  thumb surgery and take 2 at each time. Once during half of the day and 2 more at night.

This medication definitely helps with my anxiety and pain. Its remarkable.

Gives me this weird buzz but feels great”2016“A calm/relaxed/happy feeling, open to share emotional experiences with any one, have been known to flirt with the opposite sex, I'm normally quite shy”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I started taking Tramadol for chronic back pain 4 yrs ago. I noticed it helped my fibromyalgia right away many Dr's have told me that it doesn't work with fibromyalgia but my new pcp has me on 100mg ER 24hr for my fibromyalgia and it's working fine along with my gabapentin. Without the tramadol I can barely move it is my wonder drug . Withdrawls from it are intense .”2016For Depression:		“Been on these pills for 3 yrs now. Started out for pain relief but soon discovered my depression fading fast. I take 200m xr in am and 200 at night also helps me wake up alot easier and happier.  I went off them depression came back and suffered some withdrawals instantly aND geting oit of bed was a nighmare.  Back on them life is great one major down fall is my sex drive these pills kill it but it's worth it cause I'm happier on these pills with less sex then lots of sex and not happy. Sacrifice I choose to make.”2016For Pain:		“I feel a need to give a personal warning against Tramadol. They are not kidding when they say it’s a STRONG drug. 

I had, to some degree still have, problems with bad general anxiety, and accompanying bad pains which were oddly un-located, sort of All Around. (I’ve only recently learned that this is not unusual and doctors can’t help apparently.) So I tried all kinds of different drugs from the Net. One which I felt made a difference was Tramadol. So I used it for several years, getting up to insane doses like six hundred mg daily, partly because it didn’t *really* help overall but only suppressed the pain for some hours and then it came back worse.”2016For Anxiety:		“Recently we made big changes in our lives, which set off such a bad
anxiety reaction! I have dealt with this on and off for years! I was already on Tramadol for RA and a bad back.
I have been on Xanax and was put on other popular anxiety meds, but always noticed how calm my Tramadol made me.
I stopped the new meds as they did not do much! If it wasn't for my Tramadol I don't know what I would do.
I wish doctors would research this so it be subscribed for anxiety!”2016For Depression:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for depression a year ago (50 mg, 3x day).  I felt like I had the flu so I stopped after 3 days. About 1 1/2 months ago I started to take it again (only 1- 50 mg per day in AM).  I currently take adderrall and xanax as they are the only meds that help my depression /anxiety without the terrible side effects. Since on Tramadol I have been more motivated and productive then I can ever remember!  I stopped for a couple days and experienced the flu like symptoms again, but I have gone back again on a regular daily schedule.  Not sure if I should up the dosage to 100 mg but this has been the best med for me, and I've taken many. Definetly a life changer and I'm optimist about the future for the 1st time in my life.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am 25 and stuggle with RLS it is horrible! I'm always tired barely sleep and am down alot due to lack of sleep. When I finish work I can't relax or unwind. I have tried everything! Tramadol are the ONLY thing that work for hours (A bath can last about 20 mins) They relax me and after about half an hour or so I dont have that horrible feeling in my legs.  If you have RLS try this it works wonders for me”2016For Anxiety:		“I take  2 50 mg of tramadol at 4 PM for backaches,thought they would be like an aspirin but wow no pain in the evenings! and I realize I have a calm mind  not wasted or anything just a feeling of calm,can stand up right away without pain in my lower back and I only need tramadol during the middle of the weekTuesday to Thursday or Wednesday to Friday,if you don't want to be a druggie use tramadol.”2016For Anxiety:		“I am a stage 3 prostate cancer survivor. The disease and it's treatments have devastated my quality of life.
 I was prescribed Tramadol about a year after my diagnosis,and I found it was incredible for dealing with the anxiety and depression I was feeling.
 My new family practitioner is refusing to renew my prescription, citing "narcotic abuse". I don't know what I'll do now.”2016For Pain:		“I've been taking Tramadol-acetaminophen 37.5-325 for about 4 months now. I have back issues. Right now I have pain running down my legs and am waiting for it to kick in. I have never noticed any kind of side effects whatsoever. Tried taking one in the beginning & felt nothing. I take 2 at bedtime. It takes the edge off & makes me comfortable. Last night I was so miserable and what a relief I felt after taking it. I have to figure out how I can get more. I'm not sure how it works. Regular doctor told me he can't prescribe it to me and it has to be through pain management. But I'm not currently going to a pain management doctor at the moment because nothing I've tried has helped. This is the only thing that's given me some relief.”2016For Back Pain:		“I was in a car accident 5 years ago and was prescribed Tramadol for my chronic back pain. For 2 years I was on dozens of other medications and Tramadol was the only medication that worked. I took 50 mg 2 times per day. 

Well 5 years later and I decided to quit the drug. I tapered off the drug myself. I decreased each day by 25 mg. it took 2 weeks but I did it. I can't believe it. There were some nights when I would get jittery but I took amitryptiline to help me sleep. 

I feel amazing now. so much better.  I have my energy back and I take Tylenol for pain.”2016For Back Pain:		“Severe, chronic pain with Fractuted 
 L3 veterbrae. Given to me for pain relief which caused SEVERE INCREASE OVER AN ABOVE CHRONIC PAIN. It did NOTHNG to curtail severe pain which added to chronic of 40  yrs duration and caused disruption of an entire medical unit. Causing AMA discharge to spare other pts!”2016For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for my migraine headaches because the normal migraine meds haven't worked for me. Tramadol works well for the pain and doesn't give me the narcotic "haze" so I can still function.”2016For Pain:		“I was prescribed this drug after tearing some ligaments in my shoulder. I experienced little to no relief of the pain while on this drug. The side effects are real though and just made me feel worse. I have intense back pain and sinus infection like symptoms that only surfaced after my second day on the drug. my lower back aches and my eyes hurt while I experience nausea as well.  In my opinion this drug does more harm than relief.”2016For Depression:		“I was facing several months of on and of depression since being forced to move. I had and have no one to communicate with anymore. The loneliness made me realize how empty my life is and see no purpose in anything. I lost all motivation. The greater issue was that I was starting to feel like this everyday and started pondering suicide. I decided ro try Tramadol since it was available to me. I took 100 mg to test it and I felt normal again (able to feel pleasure and then some).  The experience was amazing and it gave my social confidence I was lacking. As the Tramadol wore off I was able to speak in a debate group without issue (I usually get nervous and lose track) and it was noticed. I alI'v”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I take tramadol for RA.Early on I would take too many in an 8 hr shift as a CNA and find no relief. After a re evaluation of meds my pain is moderate to severe deepening on what I've done that day. Otherwise I'm finding my use of tramadol is to keep withdrawals at bay...They are HARSH. More noticeable when I'm trying to sleep. I get extremely tired there is no fighting the urge- except when you try to sleep, Uncontrollable yawning, my whole body becomes HOT, sleep is not an option. Uncontrollable jerking of my arms and legs. Pains in my head, unbelievable gas. Did I mention how hot I get like I'm in an oven. Sensitivity to cool air, like your nerves are exposed, but your hot at the same time.. Down to 2 to 4 a day tho.”2016For Pain:		“I was on Oxycontin-240mg a day endone 50-70mg a day and tramadol 400mg a day. It was very hard to get off the Oxys, the endone wasnt that hard and tramadol was easy. But I got put on Zaldiar and taken off tramadol and the endones with little annoyance. Now I take just the zaldiar and I find it helps ( I see alot of people stating it made them tired and sick but not for me) I dont find any withdrawal if I dont have it for a day or two or 3 even. The only thing I notice is a little restlessness which is more like boredom then uncomfortable. I had a bigger addiction with other medicine I had to take from an injury and some days/nights I would curl up in a ball and white knuckle it. Not with this nor do i get tired it really helps me”2016For Pain:		“One pill makes me sick more than 24 hours regardless of diet and is generally ineffective for pain. Nausea and lack of pain relief was so bad, had to get something that does not cause debilitating nausea, pain relief was not noticeable at all.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have RLS and my legs really hurts at night, even at days but not as much. 
my wifes mother Gave me a Tramadol that she use fore her back pain, i sleep like a baby,  i fall a sleep really Quick and have a really nice sleep, when i dont take it i cant sleep at night. 100mg to 200mg will do it.”2016Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I was taking 50 mg. of Tramadol 3/day for a total of 150 mg daily with no problem for over 10 years. My new doctor became nervous about prescribing a 3-month supply (270 pills), and switched me over to the 200 mg. Extended-Release formula. I tried it for 2 weeks, and it doesn't work, so I started supplementing it with either Advil or Tylenol. This is definitely not good. I'm now taking a higher dose of Tramadol but have to take additional drugs.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Sleep deprivation from RLS was becoming unbearable. One 100mg Transform 2-3 hours before bed and I slept like a baby for 4 months. Now my bigger concern us am I hooked on this? I stopped cold turkey a week ago and it's finally out of my system but the withdrawal symptoms were horrible at night. Now I am back to sleepless nights and sluggish days. I would get back on it in a heartbeat so I could sleep but am going to ask my doctor about non opioid first.”2016Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I use ultram/Tramadol 50 mg for breakthrough pain usually. Normally in that capacity they work okay. Prefer them to having to use a second opioid that makes me drowsy or more constipated. Right now it has become my only pain med, and taking max dose of 150/8 hrs is a joke. If you have real pain long term I find a common opinion among chronic pain sufferers that this is true.”2016For Pain:		“I used tramadol to ease the pain from my bladder infection. I took it with ibuprofen and it helped significantly. The main side effect of this medication was how tired it made me. I could not keep my eyes open for more than an hour for the two days I took this. One time, I took a 7 hour nap from this pill. I do not recommend using this if you have to drive. It's very dangerous.”2016For Back Pain:		“Seems to work well I use minimum 50 MG a day”2016For Depression:		“I have had major depression my whole life and absolutely none of the anti depressants worked for me, I had intermitant periods in my life were I had suicidal thoughts but I always managed to tough it out I maintained decent employment but chronically underachieved because I was always fighting internal demons and social anxiety, then my children left home, I got a divorce and lost my home, suicidal thoughts were non stop no matter how hard I tried to talk myself into coping and turning my mood around, the suicidal thoughts persisted for 2 yrs, then I was prescribed tramadol for Fibro 50 mg twice a day, I have never felt so normal in my whole life took it 3 yrs no dose increase off it for six months too hard to get the RX now suicidal 24/7”2016For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for the arthritis pain in my hands. I had no relief from pain so I used aleve or ibuprofen which worked slightly better. I've read how some people have a significant reduction in pain when using this drug but I actually asked my doctor if it was a joke. I don't think it takes the pain away so much as it effects your thinking....”2016For Back Pain:		“It was effective for pain relief but caused nausea and vomiting on first tablet.  Not taking any more.”2016For Pain:		“I was found to be type 2 diabetic after I went to the doctor complaining about pain in my feet and hands. My blood sugar was found to be at that time 500. They told me the pain was Diabetic Neuropathy. They tried several drugs that did not do very well and caused me to still be in pain and also dizzy. I had fallen and hurt my back. The back doctor gave me Tramadol. An unexpected outcome of that was that my foot pain went away ! I told my primary Doctor about it and she changed my medication to Tramadol. Tramadol is a Godsend to me ! It stops the pain and I don't feel dizzy or woozy.”2016For Depression:		“Was first prescribed Tramadol as an addon drug with my Vicoden due to a serious injury in a car accident. I also suffer from depression and acute anxiety most of my life with panic attacks. The Vicoden worked at first and then made me sick. I would vomit from it sometimes then it quit working. I took the tramadol one a day usually in the morning and stopped after a month or so because I felt it wasn't doing anything. Man was I wrong. My injuries healed and I stopped the Vicoden. Upon reading more about Tramadol I discovered it acts as a Serotonin and Norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor. So it acts as a anti-depressant as well as a "semi-opiate" Tramadol itself is not an opiate. You body converts it into one, similar to Nucynta. Great drug.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I also had suffered as a child with the leg movement ,also was told growing pains,and as an adult as I still had it I would pour alcohol on it an take Tylenol an in 20 minutes it was gone,an didn't come back for a few days,as I got older this has gotten so much worse ,an if you ever need a Benadryl pill lord help you cause it intenseifies  the problem ten fold the tramadol helps a lot two pills a night use to be three, but now I'm on buspirone for serotonin levels, an read that tramadol raises the seratonin,that's why I take only two now but it still works good to control the rls”2016For Depression:		“I have lost 5 pounds on this drug Tramadol.  I was on a weight loss journey and had lost 65 pounds on my own but as of recently, I have struggled with the last 40 until I started taking the Tramadol.  It will suppress your appetite and help with food cravings. I believe this drug is a great aid for losing weight if one uses it appropriately. This drug was not prescribed for depression nor weight loss but it is killing two birds with one stone in my life.”2016For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I wanted to post a little more information on Tramadol for RLS because people here are having a lot of questions/concerns. 50mg of Tramadol once or twice a day is not going to greatly improve your RLS. For restless legs, this medication needs to be taken in doses of at least 100mg and for it to completely get rid of the restlessness, it needs to be taken 2-4 times a day. And while other opiates like Oxycodone or Hydrocodone start working right away, Tramadol can take up to 1-2 hours to feel the full effect. So your last dose should be taken a hour or 2 before bedtime. Tramadol does nothing for pain but for RLS, it is a God send. The max dose is 400mg in 24 hours with no more than 100-150mg taken at once.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“I have had chronic pain and peripheral neuropathy of the legs and feet for about 4 years, a lovely gift I received just before my 40th birthday that eventually landed me in the hospital in so much pain that my blood pressure was dangerously high.  I had been put on every pain med imaginable, including fentanyl and dilaudid, which made me terribly sick.  Fast forward 4 years and my PCP wanted me to try tramadol in conjunction with my gabapentin 600 mg 3x/day and clonidine 0.1 mg 3x/day.  So far it has been a miracle.  I can finally put on my sneaks and take long walks again, go biking and shop without having to sit on a bench every 10 minutes.  I was prescribed 50 mg of tramadol 2x/day but so far I've only taken it once a day and that's all!”2016For Back Pain:		“Works very well when I use it to prevent sensation of stiffness/pain in the back when playing tennis.  Effect may not last for the full 8 hours (more like 5 to 6 hours).  Generally use it in conjunction with Naproxen and Acetaminophen.
Do not use it other times even though I experience effects of degenerative disc disease in the lumbar region chronically.”2016For Back Pain:		“Worked quickly and effectively for my sciatica.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Severe jumpy left leg
Itching I left lower leg and foot”2016For Pain:		“This med is useless to me.
Was prescribed for Colles and Trapezium fractures after a fall. MRI tomorrow for suspected additional soft tissue damage.
Tomorrow is one week after fall and fractures and I can't believe how very painful this is..”2016For Pain:		“after reading everyones experience with tramadol I feel better knowing it wasn't just me having withdrawals. H-codone couple days little stomach tightness no problem. Tramadol real sick feeling, now been 4 days without. starting to get better no bad stomach feeling did think I was getting the flu but sounds like everyone else trying to quit had the same symptoms. I have a script waiting for me at the pharmacy and that's where its staying. wasn't much help anyway.”2016For Pain:		“I've been on tramadol 50 my 3x day for 7 years now for arthritis. It's a very good pain relief it also helps sleep good an helps with my anxiety issues. But my tolerance level started to get high after a year of taking it. It stop working good so I had to start taking four a day, then ended up finding out I'm having withdrawal symptoms which is VERY TERRIBLE thing to go through. I suggest if anyone taking this... *WARNING* if u feel like it not working anymore and you've been taking it for a long period of time stop taking them that means your getting addicted. Or just take a break from taking them for a bit. Went through hell with the withdrawal from those.”2016For Anxiety:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for back pain because I am allergic to NSAIDs. I was taking two 50mg tablets per day and noticed that my mental state also improved while taking this medication. My anxiety subsided and I found that I did not get upset even in stressful situations (I work in HR which is very stressful for me). It's been a miracle for me since I deal with anxiety issues almost daily. It puts me in state of calm, but I'm still me. The only side effects I've experienced while taking Tramadol have been entirely positive. I wish it was prescribed for anxiety disorders.”2016For Pain:		“Made me very ill after one tablet. Vomiting for 24 hrs. Tried it again in case it was just a bug and again ill for 24hrs. Not for me”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was on this medication briefly for my arthritis pain. I would describe it as "many side effects, no good effects." It had the side effects generally associated with narcotics (sleepiness, dizziness, nausea), but it didn't help my pain at all.”2016For Pain:		“I was put on tramadol for pid (pelvic inflammatory disease) for nearly two years. I was never told it was addictive. I stopped using after I was refused any more. The withdrawal symtoms felt like I was dieing please DO NOT USE”2016For Depression:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for a back injury. During the same time period I was taking Adderall. On a weekend visit with friends I had forgotten to pack the Adderall. I took my Tramadol in the morning and realized I did not need the Adderall. Tramadol was just as effective, if not more so. It's effect on me is a more focused, calmer state of mind. Because my anxiety is silenced, so also is my need to "angst" eat. I maintain a healthy weight and feel motivated to exercise. Basically the dark cloud of depression and anxiety is gone. Do I still get moody. Absolutely. The difference now is that I no longer experience random or unexplainable bouts of angst or depression. Life insurance app. red flagged it so I can't get filled at this time.”2016For Back Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for 20 years 4mg pills a day. Recently I have been trying to take myself off of this drug. I'm experiencing cold like symptom's, sweating, can't sleep at night, restless leg. My attitude is in the dump. This is only my 3rd day. I'm trying to take one pill a day and that is at night because I cannot deal with laying in the bed not sleeping and the restless leg pain. I'm hoping and praying that God will give me the strength to get through this bad experience.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Not prescribed enough”2016For Back Pain:		“Pain is dulled within 1st 15-20 min.  A substantial amount of relaxation for several hours.  Helped much more than OTC chemicals.  I optained as sample packets from Doc.  I'm very active and pysical for 55yrs young and used tramsdol  for 4 days.”2016For Pain:		“Before my recent l4-l5-s1 fusion I was on Tramadol for almost 2 years.  3, 50mg tabs a day was adequate, just enough to dull the pain without dopiness.  After my surgery I was changed to Hydrocodone 5/325, 4x daily.  After a month of that I was feeling miserable with mediocre pain relief.  On a really bad day I decided to switch back to Tramadol.  Wow!  Almost instant pain relief and a huge boost in my mood.  Tramadol is a strong anti-depressant versus the downer effect I got from Hydrocodone.  Couldn't be happier!  Only "bad" side effect for me is a little impatience sometimes that is easy to control.  For what its worth the Doc says I'm the exception to the rule.  It's hard to predict how this drug will affect a particular person so go slow at first.”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had been diagnosed with fibromyalgia for 14  years.  I am sensitive to all the medications usually recommended to treat it:  Lyrica, Cymbalta, Savella, amitryptiline and gabapentin.  They all give me agonizing headaches and make my brain feel like it's going to blow up.  So my doctor started me on Tramadol 6 years ago....and what an amazing thing, the pain was much better.  After all that time, I am now on the maximum dose per day and I know I am physically dependent.  But it is still the only medication that I can take long term that takes the edge off my fibro pain enough for me to function and work full time.  I have also developed osteoarthritis and it helps with that, too.  The only NSAID I can tolerate is naproxen.”2016For Depression:		“Tramadol for me is a miracle drug.  I suffered from depression and anxiety brought on by a catastrophic life event.  A year after the event I was not recovering emotionally.  It's like the feelings took on a life of their own and I wasn't shaking it (PTSD?).  I took tramadol one day for a headache and noticed it lifted my mood.  I tried it again another day and got the same results.  It lifts my mood, shakes off the depression and hopelessness and gives me a feeling of optimism.  This is on 100mgs first thing in the morning that's all I need.  Nausea at first if not taken with food but now I prefer it on an empty stomach.  I was on it for 2 solid months.  Now, just as needed not every day.  No withdrawals.  Not prescribed for depression.”2016For Back Pain:		“Helps. Seems to take an hour or 2 to kick in I have back pain and pain shooting down my left buttock and thigh
Worth a try for those in this type of pain

Two 50 mg in morning and two in evening

Good luck”2016For Pain:		“I work 7 days a week, 10-14 hours a day doing hard labor. my friend gave me a 100mg pill from citra (I think) one day and within 15 minutes all the pain was gone and I felt like my mood was increased x10. I worked harder than I usually do without one and had a very fast pace. I take one in the morning when I know it's gonna be a rough day and it helps me out through the whole day, if I notice I really need another one (which is rarely) I'll take half and feel better. I stop for a week or two to not build a big tolerance and haven't felt any negative side affects or having the need to want to just go pop some. The only noticeable side affect which didn't mind much was that my breathing was slightly off, not too much; most pills cause it.”2016For Back Pain:		“1. Effectiveness time shortened after each pill.
2. Withdrawal effects after effectiveness caused desire to immediately take another.
3. Addiction seems highly likely after use for more than a few days.”2016Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have to say this med has helped me a lot it has taken my pain from 8 to 3 I drive a semi so I'm very limited on what I can take.  Also sitting in that seat for hours on end would make me want to hang it up. The pain was so bad then I was put on tramadol now I can play with my kids right after driving for hours and just be a little stiff n sore instead of going straight to bed cause of the pain. Plus cigarettes tasted so nasty I had no problem quitting when I started”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I told my physician that I would no longer take Percocet for my chronic back pain. He suggested I try tramadol and assured me it is not a narcotic. I have been talking the tramadol now for a year and although it is no miracle drug it has managed my pain immensely. I can finally sleep at night and function normally. One down side to the drug for me is if I run out and the withdraw starts it is nasty. Be careful you stop the drug abruptly. Good health to all. Rob”2016For Back Pain:		“It literally does nothing. I've even take 200mg at a time. Nothing. You're better off taking Advil. I have no idea why this is even prescribed to people. Maybe its a placebo drug? It doesn't help at all.”2016For Depression:		“So, I had a near death skydiving accident six years ago. I was prescribled the max amount of Oxys. I became hooked as I was living (born and raised) in South Florida. 
I moved away to escape the pills, first to Australia to continue my lifeguarding career. Opportunities opened up, I knew how it felt to be in my own skin again. 
It has been just over three years since I left the US. I am now residing in Bali...Tramadol is sold over the counter here and for cheap. I do still sometimes have pain where I broke my legs, but it always subsides..I stay active surfing and such. But I have been having a problem with Tramadols lately. For me, they help me focus on my writing. Its a struggle to keep from buying them.. very addictive”2016Ryzolt (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“This did nothing to relieve my back pain or migraines. It was useless an a waste of money.”2016For Back Pain:		“I had rods put in my back about 7 years ago due to DDD. My doctor put me on several different narcotics but none seemed to work.  Went to my regular doctor and she prescribed me tramadol HCL (Ultram) 50 mg just one day on it the pain really just went away and my mood changed for the better. Great pain reliever and improves your mood.I take 50 mg every 6 hours.”2016For Anxiety:		“I've been on this med for almost 6 months and the release of the chemicals is beneficial for me. But at times like any other med it seems not to work as well.  But I too perish with anxiety and major depression.  I have been diag.with fibromyalgia and what I call it.MDDWAD.Short for major depressive situations.I come to realize this med is helping me with my anxiety issues.  Who knew. Since  I have found this site now I know.  I too must keep this med going for as long as possible.Note.I do need something for pain that is more efficient but one day at a time.Right.Thanks for listening.”2016For Back Pain:		“I have taken tramadol for a yr now it still helps with the pain but lately when I take them it makes my back pain worse. I take 50mg twice a day.  Plz help what do I do.”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have a degenerative disc disease  in my neck & lower back. I have used ultram for a year. Usually 2 each 50mg. At bedtime . This med seems to work well for me so far.”2016For Depression:		“For sure tramadol is one of the best drugs for Depression and Anxiety. I have tried a lot of differents anti-depressives like fluoxetine, sertraline, paroxetine, citalopram, escitalopram, venlafaxine, etc, and they all did not work very well for my depression and anxiety. I suffered a lot of side effects with these drugs.  The only one that really works for depression and anxiety, for me, is Tramadol... but... but... it destroyed my sexual life... Who is using this drug for depression will feel much better, for sure, but, please, be aware of your sex life!  For sure, when I take Tramadol my libido goes to ZERO, and I can not keep an erection for some time... and, if a keep, it's impossible to ejaculate... That's why a give a 7...”2016For Chronic Pain:		“Kind of expensive for a so called pain med.  It actually feels like it heightened my pain level.   Makes my stomach hurt.  You're better off taking aspirin.   I'm pretty sure tramadol should be thrown away.”2016For Chronic Pain:		“While this drug may work for pain (worked great for that) coming off it was a diff. story. I was on it for 6 months and it worked alright beside some depression issues. Tried talking to my doctor and basically got told all people who come to his office are addicts and he swears there are no side effects.  When I stopped taking it ohh boy. My gf noticed I was short tempered depressed (severely) and just all around unpleasant.I was crazy, almost checked myself on a 48 hour hold. Now a week out and I feel a lot better.  No tramadol and no craziness.”2016For Pain:		“When I went into labor I had to have a episiotomy got about 50 stitches and had a rough labor.  I was in a lot of pain after but I also planned on breast feeding. My doc prescribed tramadol 50mg. He reassured me it was fine with breastfeeding. The medicine definetly worked with the pain for me 100% that's why I gave it a good score BUT PLEASE mamas who are breastfeeding pay attention, soon after getting my baby home I noticed she was sleeping so much all day all night I would have to wake her to get her to eat and this was the only thing I could relate it too was the tramadol it was the only thing I was taking I IMMEDIATELY stopped the medicine and she was fine after that so please even tho the doc says it's ok I would def not recommend it”2016For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been taking Tramadol for over 2 years now, and it has been helpful for my Arthritis and Fibromyalgia pain. It does not make the pain go away, nothing I have tried does, but it does dull it enough that I am not clenched up in a ball in bed in sharp pain all the time as I was before taking it. I wish it would last longer though, I start to feel relief about 2 hours after taking it and it wears off at 4 hours after taking it. Since I take it every 6 hours I am still extreme levels of pain most of the time, but for the 2 hours it is helpful I can manage to do basic tasks like get dressed, bathe, hold a pen, open doors which I am unable to do without it. I do not have any "goofy" side effects with Tramadol, so that is also good for me.”2016For Anxiety:		“To cut a long story short, NOTHING ELSE HAS EVER WORKED AS QUICK AND AS EFFECTIVE AS THIS MEDICATION FOR ME PERSONALLY FOR SEVERE DEPRESSION AND OR LACK OF BRAIN ENERGY. I've tried at least 5 of the mainstream top draw Antidepressants. I hope and pray my GP doesn't take me off the 100 mgs a day for fear of addiction. When is the medical and pharmaceutical community going to wake up to the amazing healing power of tramadol...”2016For Anxiety:		“I've been on norco for five years for pain. I suffer from severe anxiety and panic attacks just thought I'd share my experience. My mom takes tramadol I ran out of my norco and been thinking about other options. I just took two tramadol today my anxiety in my chest is completely gone I don't know how this happened maybe it's just a fluke  one time thing I don't know just thought I'd share this with you guys”2016For Pain:		“Tremolo did nothing for me.  Norco was very much more effective”2016For Depression:		“Very affective for anxiety, but made me so tired I had to switch.”2016For Anxiety:		“Doctor prescribed as an alternative to narcotics for pain from herniated disk in neck. Doesn't eliminate pain, but makes it tolerable. Best thing is I am not in some narcotic fog and life can continue. I was also taking lexapro for some general anxiety.  Lexapro and Tramadol are not recommended together so with Dr. we decided to eliminate Lexapro. I was never a fan due to weight gain and if I missed a dose at night I would have uncomfortable sweating and head zingers. It wasn't fun for the first week without Lexapro due to withdrawal! Didn't expect the nausea, sweats, feeling of extreme heat, head fog...feeling much more balanced and steady, and reduced pain with just Tramadol!”2016Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“This medication is about as strong as aspirin or ibuprofen. If you take them longer than a few weeks you will also end up with withdrawal worse than any other narcotic pain reliever. It can make you sick to your stomach and if your prescribed too much it can cause severe seizures. If you've never been on any other opiate pain relievers it may work for a bit but I'd use extreme caution in doing so.”2016