For Depression:		“I have been given so many kind of antidepressant... But Tramadol is different. It makes me think very clean and reduce my anxiety too. Based on me now my psychiatrist give Tramadol to his patients and they love Tramadol too. What's ugly about Tramadol is that the drug make you both mentally and physically addicted. But it is a great choice rather than antidepressant or sleep pills.”2021For Fibromyalgia:		“I have many combinations of treatment. This was the one that actually worked at all. Every treatment was a very strict regimen and with this one if I was having a good day I didn't need to take it unless I needed to.”2021For Depression:		“I was prescribed a few Tramacet 325 mg/37.5 mg pills for temporary pain, 112.5 mg was taken at bedtime, upon waking up in the morning I discovered that I was in a positive mood for the first time in years I was able to clean, go out for walks and had an average 8+ hours of restful sleep, communication was more fluid and my mind felt clearer and relaxed, for the first few doses these lasted 48-72 hours (after which point I would redose), after my last dose the antidepressant effect continued for a little over 2 weeks before my depressive symptoms relapsed, I have tried many antidepressants over the years, however none has shown marked improvements as tramadol,  unfortunately my psychiatrist won't prescribe it again due it being an opioid.

The only side effects that I have personally experienced is that for the first 8 to 16 hours it made me quite drowsy, hence I took it at night.”2021For Pain:		“It got rid of post surgical pain mainly via sedation”2021For Anxiety:		“Got given tramadol for gallbladder pain I was having. I've suffered with anxiety/ depression most of my life and been on all sorts of medications.  I didn't feel any benefit from any of them but didn't want to just stop them. The tramadol, I found wasn't great for pain but I started to  realise that when I did take them my anxiety was a lot less. I take 50mg in the morning and another in evening. This medicine has turned me from being an absolute emotional wreck who was constantly having thoughts of impending doom and struggling to leave the house, into a person who now feels alive again. Have stopped all other antidepressants.  Hopefully my GP will continue to prescribe it me.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“200mg S/R works great to manage nerve pain, it dissolves at the right rate.
150 mg S/R dissolves too quickly and is a lot less effective because it breaks down quickly.”2021For Pain:		“Almost the strength of Oxy. I mean on a pill by pill basis. It works to alleviate moderate to severe pain, no doubt.”2021For Depression:		“(first this is my experience and just a comment) I have/Had Resistive-Depression,I agree long term usage side effects might ruined lives and absolutely addictive (IV class of FDA I guess) but it's life saver even 1-2 months I was wrecked from this!!!Then what?...Go back to SSRI-SSNRs or making a personal guideline?  I chose the second and my guideline was never cross 150mg Daily and Drug Holiday Method...The Aggressive-Hostile-change personality was nasty but I certainly will stay on this drug. 
 Please watch the Dosage, abusing will ruin your LIFE and take it with guideline at least for me was/is/will make it a miracle and top notch for depression.  Be carefull to don't ruin your life by crossing 300-400 Daily”2021For Back Pain:		“I am now today Tramadol free after 7 months now of 300mg per day. I feel utterly awful and I have even reduced it to 2 over weeks then today zero. Alex commented here 14 November 2021. LISTEN to him and me. This drug won’t help your depression it’s an opioid . I am depressed and it elevated me sometimes but most of the time I felt anxious, wired and angry. Horrible moods. Seeing posts here relating to depression and Tramadol are very worrying. It’s an opioid. Do some research these things are dangerous and addictive.
Effective for pain short term.”2021For Fibromyalgia:		“It’s now many years I take 1 tablet of Tramadol/Paracetamol 65% 35% for my Fibromyalgia and is the only thing that takes me out of my painful deep hole…”2021For Fibromyalgia:		“It is the most beneficial of all of the many prescriptions I have tried over many years.  It takes the edge off of the pain.  Without it I would not have been able to work until 66.”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol is worse medication you can take for your depression or anxiety for a long term; at the beginning, it makes you happy and energetic, but eventually, you are a drug addict and can not function without it, you will be so relaxed that you don't care about anything or anyone; you want to sleep all day long and day by day losing your short memory.  I used it myself for two years and sober from it now for about two years; withdrawal symptom is like you go to hell and back. I am not recommending this drug at all. Take my feedback seriously. Good Luck”2021For Pain:		“I took one 50mg pill for menstrual migraine and cramps. About an hour later I had moderate relief and was able to sleep. But I have nausea and a heavy-headed feeling twelve hours later, leaving me unable to work. Very uncomfortable. I will try 800mg ibuprofen next time.”2021For Depression:		“Expect increased tolerance and worsened depression and anxiety to the point that now it is much worse than at the day I took Tramadol to cope with depression and anxiety... Beware. It's not worth risk - maybe in extreme situation when you can't get up from bed and have severe depression but only for few days to max 3-4 weeks. Been on it for about 8 months... survived it... somehow”2021For Depression:		“I have treatment-resistant depression.  I've tried virtually every drug in every drug class and they don't work.  Shock therapy works but the memory loss is horrible.  I've tried Spravato, the new nasal spray containing Esketamine....it made my depression worse.  My psychiatrist put me on Lithium to flatten out my moods and prevent suicide and it did work for those purposes, but I was still miserably depressed.  My PCP suggested Tramadol; he indicated his wife has taken it for years for depression and it works great for her.  I do have low back pain, so that's what he writes on the prescription because MD's in the US can't prescribe Tramadol for depression.  It's indicated for pain.  It works fantastic for depression.  I can function again and laugh etc.  I know this is a lifelong prescription for me but that's ok.  Some people have to take blood pressure pills every day of their lives.  Some take insulin.  For me, it's Tramadol.  My psychiatrist is all for it.  Viva la Tramadol!”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol HCL 50MG by my Orthopedist. I took it as prescribed which did NOTHING for my knee pain. Then tried doubling the dose to see if that would do the trick. Still NOTHING. I did however feel weird, loopy, not normal, and after reading other people's accounts of Tramadol working like an SSRI or antidepressant , I can tell you that it's not something I'll be taking any more. I'm not depressed...I'm in pain. Oh well.”2021For Depression:		“This Tramadol gave me my life back I was prescribed for pain due to rheumatoid arthritis and back pain again to osteoarthritis at work for the pain and it also work for my mood I say mood and not depression because I never considered myself depressed I always try to stay positive but the pain made me so lethargic and low energy. This worked for me I only take low dose and it's giving me back my life I would highly recommend it you will know within a few days if it'll work for you or not hope this helps anyone reading this”2021For Depression:		“150 milligrams of tramadol gets rid of major depression in just 15-30 minutes, and its effect can last for 24 hours.”2021For Depression:		“It works well the problem is that it is very addictive.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol worked great for my mother.  She rarely complained about pain when it was prescribed.  However, it was completely useless for mine.  If you suffer from severe chronic pain I would suggest something else.  I never experienced any terrible side effects.  Its efficacy was lacking.  Your mileage may vary.  I suppose this works wonders for some and not at all for others, like a lot of medications.”2021For Pain:		“Does nothing to relieve pain for me. Not worth taking. Not sure why this is even considered a pain reliever when I get better pain relief with Tylenol”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was previously on oxycodone and Gabapentin for neuropathy, and they changed me to Tramadol and Gabapentin. It does just as good a job of controlling my chronic pain so that’s a positive. I take 50mg every 8 hours, and my Dr. gave me an extra 50mg dose to take as a rescue medication in case I experience a lot of nerve pain at night. Honestly I’m pretty stable these days pain-wise, so I’m counting my blessings. Tramadol does leave me a bit tired, but I don’t get a ‘high’ from it. No other side-effects to report so far, it’s been several months now. I can also take temazepam 15mg at night to sleep, which is great since I wasn’t allowed to take any benzos with the oxycodone. I’d say my quality of life is a bit better, I have less brain fog and apathy with the Tramadol. I’m also able to start exercising more; I take short walks and do yoga.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have Cerebral Palsy and thus have associated Osteoarthritis. I find Tramadol to be very good regarding chronic pain. A bonus is that it does not cause the nausea and especially the intense drowsiness typical of opioids.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have a long list of painful conditions, the chief among them being serious back issues, herniated disc, scoliosis, sciatica and I also suffer from rheumatoid arthritis, Sjogren's Disease, and painful neuropathy in both feet.
I was on Norco #10 for a number of years, and was being pressured by my pain management doctor to get off it. Well, I did go it alone, and went through every level of nightmares there is!!
I then tried Tylenol with aspirin to combat the excruciating pain I was experiencing no good, and besides Tylenol is scary because of the kidney damage warnings, and the low dosages you must take, so it's pretty ineffective for the pain I was feeling!
AND then during a hospital stay I was introduced to Tramadol and it was absolutely LIFE CHANGING, the immediate effect it had on me was not only (almost) 100% pain relieving but also mood enhancer.
I have now been on Tramadol for a number of years...I take 2 Tramadol 3X a day, and I'm one, happy camper!”2021Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“In 2002 I had a major operation that left me with a huge long scar. As the scar was healing I began getting pain from my right side of the scar, seems like the scar was not healing right. Each week for many months I was going to the doctors to follow up on my operation, I kept telling the doctors I have pain coming from my scar, so the doctors kept saying each week to take Tylenol. Finally the pain was too great and I really let them know I've been suffering for a long time with this bad pain and Tylenol has not done anything. They gave me Tramadol, when I took the first pill it did nothing, the second pill knocked out the pain completely, and it never came back, I felt immediate relief, finally. I disagree where I read to take this medication every day, not as needed, everyone's pain is different. Doctors are put in a situation, told to not prescribe opiates, doctors are being pushed around by superiors, they loose more and more of their freedom to be a doctor.”2021For Depression:		“I have treatment - resistant depression.  Even shock therapy didn't help very much.  Several years ago, I got an RX for Tramadol for a twisted ankle.  Boom!  Wow, it didn't do much for the pain but I felt so much happier, relaxed, ambitious and ''un-gloomy.''  My psychiatrist at the time refused to give me an on-going prescription for Tramadol for depression because of addiction, tolerance, etc.  Being a nurse, I researched Tramadol and found that chemically, it is very similar to Effexor.  I now have an on-going prescription for Tramadol for ''low back pain'' from my primary care doc, who told me his wife takes it for depression too.  My psychiatrist is aware that I take it and has no problem with it, although he says he would be hesitant to prescribe it for me for depression as he could get into trouble doing so.  But he says he's had a few patients over the years who, like me, have gotten significant relief from Tramadol for depression.  I take 150mg daily, first thing in the morning.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking this for at least 9 years, it does help with the pain and also helps with my anxiety!”2021For Depression:		“I have been using tramadol for over 2 years now and its been a lifesaver! I initially started with 50 mg once a day and mainly use it for cognition.  I went through two agreeing psychiatrists to do it. I had taken it for a short term hip bursitis and noticed its cognitive effects and some help with mood and motivation too.  We eventually, well over a year ago, went to twice daily for a 12 HR effect.  It has truly been wonderful.  No signs of tolerance developing yet.  I guess I needed its not adrenalin effects the most.  My quality of life is good with no side effects.”2021For Back Pain:		“I had a back injury due to a car accident 4 years ago and was recently prescribed Tramadol 50 mg twice a day for back pain. I was kinda lury about taking Tramadol cause ii had such a bad rep. When say this is a wonder pill, I mean just that. I have chronic back pain and once I took it my pain was instantly gone, and it bettered  my mood, it gives a calming  effect as well. It seems to help with anxiety too.”2021For Depression:		“I have suffered from depression my entire life. I am now 54 years old. I’ve tried everything for my depression. I guess no one lives in Upstate NY. How is it all these people are able to get this drug prescribed to them. I know it works, I was given Tramadol by a friend that had it for pain and gave me the rest as I also suffer from Fibromyalgia and IC (painful bladder disorder) which is most likely from the Fibromyalgia. So there are several legit diagnoses for me to be prescribed this medication; yet I cannot get it. Whyyyy!!! I suffer every day.”2021Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Ultram is totally different from the generic tramadol. Much, much better. I had to switch as it was giving me headaches. I to take more than 2x the tramadol than what I take of ultram”2021For Anxiety:		“Wish it wasn't so vilified. Feel guilty for using it sometimes. Tried anti-dep- doesn't work. Need something to work very quickly for my PTSD when flashbacks starts. 20-30 min before effect; Tramadol is really great, gives back a feeling of being in control over the cascade of memories rushing in, and the rip-current of panic & what feels like constant life & death battles. "Just survive the next 20 min" is my island. Knowing it won't feel AS bad in a short while, is so indescribable an effect. It makes it easier to not jump into something acutely rushed bad solutions. It's easier trying to focus on building a more longterm life, when I know I have a crisis option that works. Also easier to do therapy. If we feel/know the subjects might be a bit potent we can prepare ourselves before the session has ended, knowing the bad memories won't have as much hijacking power over us, makes me calmer. I don't view it as a solution for life. Working on/hoping not needing it the long run. But empowering for now.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“A nightmare opioid! Do not take if you have other options for chronic pain. I am 12 hours out from taking a 50 mg dose and have had such intense dizziness, nausea, headaches, ringing ears, and it’s caused me tremors and hypnotic jerks. I cannot sleep no matter how exhausted and desperate I am to, as I am woken up from scary jerks that haven’t gone away 12 hours later. Although it took away my chest pains and other body chronic pains, it’s caused just as much pain from not allowing me to sleep or function properly. I felt so out of it, I was trembling to walk and slurring my words during the day. Skip this opioid if you can unless you want to go through that.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“30 years ago an accident smashed me up big time , 22 breaks in 1 leg , broken back , wrist , pelvis etc etc , never been a person to take meds I just accepted this was my life. Somehow I heard about tramadol and thought why not, a 100 mg changed my life.  It didn’t take all the pain but it stopped me thinking about the pain 24/7 . Side effects are constipation, small headache and bad feet pain. I'll stay on it though 3 x 100 mg everyday, I feel I deserve a rest after 30 years of severe pain”2021For Anxiety:		“Definitely helps my anxiety even at a low dose 25 Mg once or twice a day.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I tried Tramadol 50mg tablets for three weeks. I took 1 tablet twice a day. It did nothing to even dull the pain. I then was directed to take 2 tablets (100 mg) once a day. That didn't have any effect whatsoever either. I experienced no side effects, but neither did I experience pain relief at all.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Works well. But not 100% but enough to get moving. Two   50 mg tabs is enough . I always  have enough and renew prescription if needed during bad pain flares.  i never had withdrawal issues.”2021For Back Pain:		“It works well and gives me the energy to get up and do things . Fo me it eliminates the associated depression which comes from constant pain.”2021For Anxiety:		“I really hope that someday soon Tramadol will be able to be prescribed for the treatment of anxiety and depression, as I find it to be perfect. I only take one a day for three days for really bad depressive episodes that I don't have the strength to get through medication-free. It always ALWAYS helps: it gives me the ability to think rationally and break away from my episodes, and I understand and respect that it is the opiate content that makes me feel happier and can also be dangerous if taken abusively. Side effects for me include euphoria, increased sociability, dry mouth and loss of appetite (which I quite like as it results in increased hydration (good for the skin) and weight loss, respectively). It frustrates me to hear when people get Tramadol over-prescribed to them for physical pain yet I can't even get it for mental pain.”2021For Pain:		“I am under 18 doctor prescribed it, makes you REALLY tired. First time using an opioid because my ear pain is severe. I believe dizziness and drowsiness are common. I also had some sweating randomly. Use it wisely. Definitely helps pain but also might make you tired.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol does not work for me. I don't know why. I was prescribed 2 tablets every 12 hours or when my pain is at a 6 or 7. It was useless at easing my pain un the slightest degree. There was zero change in pain, but I did flush a bit and my skin itched a little. I won't take it anymore. I'm also on Cymbalta. I read that one shouldn't take those two drugs together. (?)”2021For Fibromyalgia:		“50 mg of tramadol twice a day with 100mg of Lyrica once a day works for me”2021For Pain:		“Time released:
I got a prescription for chronic pain and suddenly I felt so much better.
It should be taken time released. 

Capsules:
The advantage with capsules is that you can take different dosages. It will still be time released. There are small globules inside.

No effect:
It might be ineffective for about 30% of people. This could be due to a mutation of an enzyme:
Cyp2D6

Tapering off
It should be tapered off carefully in order to avoid withdrawal symptoms. 

400mg
Taking more than 2 x 200mg in 24h (each lasting 12h) is very dangerous.

Tolerance
Some experience tolerance. It helps to play with the dosage and to take breaks (slowly tapering off).

Zinc
Taking it 24h for a longer while might reduce zinc levels.

Possible side-effects
constipation, less appetite, insomnia, reduces hormone levels (estrogen, testosterone...)  Me on 2 x 200mg: irreversible hair-loss”2021For Pain:		“This drug definitely works for most people but not for me. I have bad osteoarthritis pain and it made my pain worse. Massive loss of appetite - I lost 5.2kgs in just over two weeks. I had serious sleep disturbances- went 4 days without sleep at one point, even when I did sleep it was 2 hours here and there. 
Coming off it was also very rough and I was only on it for just over a month.”2021For Depression:		“Please don’t take tramadol. I took for 15 years. Ruined my life!!”2021Tramal SR (tramadol) for Pain:		“No! 100 mg SR, my pain disappeared but I had to puke about three times in a row.
The next day, took the drug again, puked again.
8/10 because my grandmother takes it daily for years. She never puked. However, her pain is not fully relieved with 200 mg SR daily (100 mg SR / 12 hr).”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain from fibromyalgia, stenosis in the lumbar area, and osteoarthritis in my back and shoulders. My doctor tried antidepressants and muscle relaxants for the pain at first, but had adverse side effects like high blood pressure and fatigue. The worst was Cymbalta with brain zaps. The Tramadol only has the side effect of a little nausea once in awhile. I am prescribed 50mg 3X day as needed. It helps me to move my stiff body through the day and feel less pain. It is not 100%, but gives relief. My mail-order drug company that sends my meds tried to have my prescription blocked, I had to also go into the doctors office each time to fill out a paper. My doctor intervened and now I am sent a 90 day supply through the mail-order pharmacy with only problems sometimes with them trying to block the prescription. I do not drink alcohol and am careful to not mix the med with the old muscle relaxants I have on hand.”2021Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was taking 50mg tramadol and thought 100  ER might be better.  That was a mistake. Like taking nothing at all. Useless.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Little to No relief.  Aspirin works better. Have been prescribed several times and always same result.  Tylenol #4 has been best low end narcotic for my chronic pain. I wouldn't recommend tramadol to anyone.”2021For Pain:		“i was prescribed tramadol for compression fracture of l1 vertebrae and lower back pain.
I arrived at the at ER in an ambulance, after a fall,  and sent home with muscle damage by a doctor who didn't callout a radiologist. 3 weeks later got xray and above diagnosis.
The max dose is 400mg per day. I was prescribed 150.
I have been on this med script 3 years now. it also completely eliminates RLS (restless leg syndrome)
I found this medication worked well, and allowed me to work as normal.
THE ONLY PROBLEM ? ... doctors. Where I live, in New Zealand, I have to see a doc every 3 mths for this med.
It's often a different doc each time, locums come and go.
This causes me stress as I have noticed different doctors have different opinions of this med. But lately they are experimenting me with a lower dose. ie. half of my usual script.  Why they want to change something that works well is beyond me.
RESULT  I don't trust doctors any more.”2021For Depression:		“I have been on tramadol for 8 months now for chronic lower back pain. I take between 100-200mg each day depending on the pain. Some days I don’t have any pain in my back and so I don’t take any tramadol. The way I feel when I am not taking these tablets is something I have never felt before. Really bad depression, anxiety and no energy to do anything with my children I just want to sit down and cry.

The drug is amazing for my back pain but now I feel like I am also taking them for my mental health.”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol saved my life. I enjoy working hard, social interaction and life in general. No side effects just pure joy of being who I am. Never tired any more and can sleep like a baby.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“This medicine does not work on me I also take SSRIs which is known to inhibit the effectiveness of tramadol”2021For Back Pain:		“I've had chronic back pain for many year's,  I used to take 100mg of instant Tramadol, which worked well, but never lasted long, I've since gone onto 100 mg of extended release Tramadol  once a day, and it really helps me with my pain all day, with no side effects whatsoever, it might not be suitable for everybody  but definitely worth a try.”2021For Pain:		“I’m still suffering withdrawals even one year after quitting. This magic pill destroys your brains. Be careful out there. Stop it if you can. .”2021For Pain:		“When I read the description of tramadol, I literally laughed out loud. Seeing it side-by-side morphine was seriously funny. How ANYONE would say it's even close to effective in treating pain is beyond my comprehension. And all the things it's allegedly useful for? Doesn't work. It probably doesn't help that I've been taking it now for 25 years. The ebb and flow of medications given to me throughout the years (including the cocktails of meds for several) have introduced me to many EFFECTIVE pain killers. Unfortunately, I have to be treated at the V.A., and quite frankly, am lucky to be getting my paltry two doses of it a day. I won't go into all of it (because I'll become crazy-angry), but the ONLY thing tramadol does now is stop me from detoxing from it. Period. I feel so lost, and barely sleep anymore, since the pain is 100%. Tramadol doesn't touch it, trust me. If your doc puts you on it, or tries, refuse it if you can, do ANYTHING to not get on it. It's a gross waste of money.”2021For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I first was prescription for chronic lower back pain but noticed after a week that it stopped my RLS and I slept better. I figured the better sleep helped with my pain too. So it was win win. I took it for a few months. I noticed after the fact I felt mentally better as well. I do have mild-mod depression, anxiety, panic attacks and OCD which were not bothering me while taking it. I took 1 50mg tab a night. Anyway, I was off them for several years. Then my back flare and I started it again. Second time in my life so I was paying extra attention. A few years ago I was dx with FM and CFS/ME on top of everything else along with IBS/SIBO. Tramadol really helps EVERYTHING for me. I take 1 tab daily as needed for pain. I usually feel better body mind and spirit for about 48hr but then I feel my pains and depression again. Learning it can and has been used for many conditions other than just acute and chronic pain. I'm going to keep researching because antidepressants have not work good for me”2021For Depression:		“I was born from a trauma rife family background dating back to the 1920's and that was passed right on through the generations to myself - an impairment to my ability to function in society to this day, in 2021.

Since taking Tramadol, I feel like an entirely new person. My thinking is not only faster, but positive and inventive. I am engaging in educating myself and I have a feeling of purpose back. I really wish there was more research in support of whatever it is in this medication that effects those with brains like mine. I actually NEED this medication. I have tried every type of anti-depression approved medication there is. I have discovered, one a day and a few days off and I am perfect. Too much and I go 'off'. Tramadol is a life saver for those that suffer down brain like mine.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I started using this medicine almost 1 year ago for chronic pain and anxiety issues I’ve dealt with for most of my adult life.  It allows me to live a normal again.  I can now focus on my daily activities without being in ongoing pain.  This medication also helps  tremendously with my anxiety issues & allows me to focus throughout the day.”2021For Back Pain:		“I've had chronic back pain after an accident which has never gone away. 
I've had three back operations which helped some but also have given me left  testical pain since my second operation which comes and goes . I've had so many meds I can't remember them all now. 
Tramadol with ibrufen (800's) is the best for me as I can function on them with other meds also at times providing I can lie down when pain levels start to raise or sit down but still pretty much house bound. 
Other meds I've had may be better for pain but I can't function on them and really hated them and what they did to me. 
I have now been on them for approximately 10 long years now. 
For me, they are the best to work out between pain and function. 
I have heard cannabis cbd oil is very good but New Zealand government won't make it legal. I would love the government to be in pain instead of dishing it out.”2021For Back Pain:		“Didn’t help much at all really.
Waste if money in my opinion”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol has been a wonderful therapeutic god send for me. After I began using tramadol I earned my MBA and served on the Board of Advisors for the University. I also earned accounting professional certified management accountant and project management professional. I recently stopped taking Zoloft with no noticeable affect. So my life has been dramatically improved by taking tramadol believe it or not I began taking tramadol for severe spine pain. All these benefits by accident. Lesson learned I have to be my own best advocate to improve my health. Doctors are restricted in their safe silo of medicine to avoid liability. Some time patient’s need to explore alternative therapies.”2021Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“This drug sucks I lay in the hospital and this what they give me because dr prescribed it on a day to day I'm in pain they just see tramadol in the chart it's an instant go to whether it works or not and then they  go no further to help.  The whole thing is a joke to those who need help and relief.. all meds eventually need a redo to provide some relief.”2021For Pain:		“I'm 55 and have arthritis in my knees, hips and hands. I need to type for a living as a writer. I originally tried Tylenol #3 but it left me foggy and cloudy. Tramadol takes the pain in my hands away completely, and greatly reduces the pain in my knees and hips. 

I've taken this medication for about 10 years in dosages ranging from 50 mg a day to 200 mg a day,  depending on pain level. I try not to take it on weekends when I have time to go to the gym (now that it's open again) and soak in the hot tub and/or swim.

This is the only med, including OTC's, that has truly helped me. The only downside for me has been that I can't drink alcohol because I don't want any potential interactions. I'm not an alcoholic by any means, but used to like to have a beer or two but now that's a no-no.”2021For Depression:		“Been prescribed many antidepressants over the last 15 years including TCA’s and many different SSRI’s with no success. SSRI’s made me worse. After an injury I was prescribed Tramadol and WOW what a difference to my anxiety and depression it was immediately vanished. No more brain fog or feeling down, felt happy and a new person full of energy and confidence. 
I was on 8 x 50mg for pain a day which is too high for depression but after the pain resided 2-3 50mg tablets a day and your depression and anxiety is gone. 
A wonder drug for reliving depression and anxiety and you feel better in less than an hour.  I find the best dose to be 2-3 50mg tablets a day as they last about 7 hours. 
Tramadol needs to be certified for depression and anxiety.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Was not efficient in handling my pain as I thought it would.”2021For Fibromyalgia:		“Been reading the comments. I can relate to mostly all of them. I have fibromyalgia, spinal stenosis. Neuropathy its at the point nothing anyone can do.  I have tried many drugs which did nothing but set me in deep depression so I finally got off of them.  My asked me to try tramadol and it  has saved my life.  I can get up and be productive and calmer.   It has been 8 years.  I hope that I can stay on them but I'm up to a dose of 300 mg a day. I am just thankful that my pain manager doctor believes in it and not strong opiates for me.  I do yoga, walking. I'm 69 not ready to sit and cry, I love these pills.”2021For Depression:		“I just happened upon this website after doing an internet search to see what active ingredients were in Tramadol that might also be in antidepressants. I have been taking 1 - 50mg tablet daily for at least 5 years.  I was originally prescribed these after a minor surgery.  I can say,  in all honesty,  that I take them even when I'm not hurting (Fibromyalgia) because of the way they make me feel: not high or loopy or drugged.  Simply: hopeful, happy, delighted in life,  no sadness.  I've wondered,  for years,  if there was something in an antidepressant that would do the same thing without having to take pain medication.  I have not found them to be addictive but I am very careful since addiction runs in my family: mother, sister & daughter. I suppose,  as with anything,  if you're not wise one could become addicted. I am thrilled to find this site & learn the positive effects it's had on so many in the treatment of depression.”2021For Depression:		“A major help with metabolic depression. 
I was prescribed it for a severe knee injury. 
I keep my mouth shut and tell my doctor how much reduced my knee pain is. After 10 years I still use it. Some years back I started cutting the 50mg in half and spreading out the two 50's over the course if a day. Works better for me. Be aware. One person's experience is never indicative of another. I get no withdrawals, nothing if I skip for a few days , like forgetting to take it on a trip. Also, combined with caffeine I feel fully alert and not like an undernourished feral cat or dog. I have no other health issues or weight problems. I eat right and work every day. I tried SSRI's and dopamine of every type. They all made me feel weird. I get blood tests a least once a year including liver and kidney. Always normal.”2021Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Tramadol/Ultram for 13 years.  It works on my pain 80% of the time.  However when I added Tizanidine (a muscle relaxer - not to be taken with Tramadol at the same time), I have been mostly pain free.  I take Tizanidine at night for back pain.  It causes drowsiness so do not take during the day.  I take 100mg Tramadol 3x a day for nerve pain.  It works PERFECTLY for me.  Unfortunately I was forced to taper off and get off Tramadol to try Nortripyline which only worked 60% and made me so fatigued I was bed-bound.  Now I am tapering off Nortripyline and going to whatever plan B my neurologist has for me.  My honest opinion - Tramadol works for moderate pain - not severe pain.  I like it because it keeps me comfortable and does not have the loopy side effect of Hydrocodone.  I can function well at least until 5 or 6 p.m. before the nerve pain hits.  This to me is a win.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for chronic pain, I have a large tarlov cyst with communicating spinal fluid in my lower spine, tramadol has given me hope and even when I don't take it, I know it is there, and that calms me. I've also noticed that it helps my constipation. I can go to the loo far more easily when I take it, even though it is supposed to cause constipation,  it has the opposite effect on me. I feel calmer and clear in my head when I take it on time. Sometimes if the pain overwhelms me and I can't walk or move very well, I know I should have taken tramadol earlier , then it's bed for hours or days. It's a fine line because the pain is too intense for tramadol to soften it.  I don't want to lose its benefits so I try to not take it sometimes. It is a balancing act. I am very grateful that my doctor prescribed tramadol for my pain, mainly because I can be less of a burden to my family and sometimes I can do things that I had given up because of pain. Hope is wonderful.”2021For Depression:		“I can't feel sadness right now and I keep talking to my TV because I feel a bit cheery. this is weird not going to lie.”2021For Pain:		“I have been prescribed Tramadol for pain 4 times.  I have never felt any relief from pain while using it.  I have told doctors this, yet they continue to prescribe it to me.  It's cruel to prescribe a pain relief medication that I've said does nothing to help me.  Tramadol simply gives me no relief.”2021For Back Pain:		“This has got to be capsules filled with flour or sugar. I’ve taken 300 mg at one time and not gotten any pain relief. I’ve had 7 botched spine surgeries. Turns out the surgeons were all operating on MRIs and CT images not my symptoms. It’s now becoming very likely I never had spine problems but peripheral nerve or muscle problems. Unfortunately I have 16 screws four rods and other hardware all crammed into my back. I am demanding it be taken out”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I don't get much relief from Tramadol I had knee replacement surgery and was given Oxycodone for 6 weeks now my Dr won't prescribe it anymore and prescribed Tramadol which does nothing for the pain”2021For Pain:		“I was originally prescribed Tramadol for knee pain that I had been experiencing for years. I also have low-mid grade depression, but have never taken anything for it other then a short stint on Prozac that was awful. It didn't do much for my pain, but it was extremely helpful with energy levels and erased my social anxiety. 
Of course, with the way they have completely demonized any pain medications even for people that desperately needed it I was taken off it. I went a few years without it and tried everything from therapy etc... and nothing worked.
Recently on a trip to Mexico I decided to pick up a bottle of 100 mg and 50 mg. My only issue was it seemed really weak. I really didn't feel much of a boost at all. Now, I'm taking a rare occasion trip to Mexico and grabbing enough for about a month. I'm just curious if these are somehow weaker then American brands like Ultram even though they are 100mg.”2021For Pain:		“If you are getting stomach issues on tramadol, as a few of you seem to be, you need to ask your Dr for a proton pump inhibiter such as omeprazole.
With regard to constipation use an oral solution powder such as Laxido (sorry don't know what this is called in the States) every day. It works a treat as we say in the UK.”2021For Depression:		“I must confess that tramadol has really made me felt for the first time ever since I was born, what it seems like to enjoy live. To enjoy live in the sense that; I can now go out, talk with friends/friends ,think pragmatically and so many other that I have not been able to do before now. In that vein, I am calling on each and every organisation, firm and individual who are capable of advancing tramadol for  long time use to do so for I learnt it causes damages to the kidney and liver over a long time use cause it's not designed for long time usage.”2021For Depression:		“This medicine is a miracle. I swear. Low dosage tramado  taken as a regular antidepressant has saved my life. I used to be able to not drive and have almost seizure like problems. I wasn’t able to go out of my house or do anything. I have major social anxiety as well. This medication changed my life!!!! I mean it! I have tried every single anti depressant out there and they all make me ill. Like a zombie. They make me sad. And if you missed a dose watch out. I was on tramadol for 2 years and when I got off of it I had zero issues as well. I was on Xanax for a couple of years awhile ago and it’s what ruined me. Tramadol saved my life. Please look more into this!   I’m so healthy because of this medication.”2021For Anxiety:		“Tramadol.
25mg per night (half 50mg)
Is the only relief from anxiety after 40 years of trying so many pills.
Started after knee replacement.
18 months.
No side effects.
No desire to increase
Although 50mg is better .
Now concerned cannot prescribe for anxiety.
So may have to return to daily misery.
Or legal occasional 50ml doses of vodka!!”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol works but I get Serotonin Syndrome that made me very anxious and has toxic chemicals that are added ingredients that are hurting you and causing uneasiness and is a carcinogenic chemicals that are added ingredients for no apparent reason causing liver and kidney problems”2021Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I take 300mg tramadol ER daily, with low dose norco 500mg/750mg as needed usually twice daily. I have fibromyalgia and other undiagnosed conditions, extreme pain untreated but I can live with these drugs, otherwise its torture. I am so drugged out like a zombie but anything to ease the pain. Life is short enjoy what you can now.”2021For Pain:		“I have found that Amneal pharmaceutical company is the best I've ever used for a tramadol pain medication they are the white and round tablet with AN 627 on the tablet doesn't have any harmful chemicals that are harmful to your health”2021For Back Pain:		“Tramadol worked for me in that it reduced the over all pain level.  Unfortunately, it did not help address the acute pain I was having (spinal compression factor).  Sadly I got to go on this ride for the entirety because my surgeon (who has never had surgery) decided that after a spinal collar insertion that I did not need real pain killers.”2021For Pain:		“Since I cannot tolerate opiates, my pain management Dr. gave me Tramadol to try. 50 mg every 8 hours.  So presently with annoyingly achy knees I have tried it. Nothing, no pain relief, nothing, nada. It didn't do a thing.  So this is what they want to use if I have a knee replacement, I don't think so.”2021For Pain:		“I was prescribed Contramal 50mg (a brand of tramadol) now for the second time for similar injuries. The previous time 6 months ago it worked like a bomb. Now. Absolutely nothing. It is so frustrating to live with the pain I have. This time it's a lot more severe than previously. I'm even taking it with 200mg paracecetamol as suggested by the doctor. PLEASE ANYONE!!! What else can I use for severe pain if tramadol not working?”2021For Pain:		“I have taken tramadol on two occasions. 

A while ago, I was exposed to fumes and got a nasty headache and sinus/allergy reaction. The headache lasted 3 days, OTC painkillers couldn't shift it, so my doctor prescribed this. I took one tablet and the headache was gone. I felt a little wobbly but slept it off along with the headache.

Recently I have had an intermittently sore tooth and have taken one pill here and there. The first couple of times it helped with the pain. I took it at bedtime and must have slept through the side effects. Felt a bit blah in the morning but at least I got some sleep. Then it stopped working so well, and twice I got dizzy and almost vomited after taking it. (The first time I thought the nausea was caused by an antibiotic I was also taking, so that's why I took it again.)

If you need a one-off painkiller for dental pain or similar, maybe it can work. Watch out for dizziness and vomiting though.”2021For Pain:		“This medicine is junk. Stay away. I've been vomiting anything I put in my mouth including a sip of water. I took it for stomach pain and now I have the worse headache ever. I also feel slightly stoned. I only took two as advised by doc.”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol has been a miracle for me. It was prescribed for a back injury but I also suffer from pain & depression from having fibromyalgia and ME/CFS since '97. I've never taken any pharma  meds for it but the struggles have been great. Tramadol initially felt like a miracle. It removed all pain but it also teated my depression 100%. Wonderfully shocking! I still just take 1 a day, lowest dosage. After a year,  It no longer works "as good" as it did in the beginning but still offers significant help. I refuse to up my dose because it is an addictive drug. The one big negative for me.”2021For Depression:		“Like most, it was prescribed to me for pain (arthritic), for which it does diddly squat.  In particular, I broke a couple of ribs over a year ago while rough camping, and 3 x 50mg had no impact on the pain to speak of; I moaned and screamed just as loudly with, or without.
They did make life worth living again, and 4 years or so later, I still take 1 x 50mg every SECOND day.  I seem not to get extra benefit from a DAILY dose, and have no real desire to increase the dosage....  also thru fear of dependancy.
I've never been much addicted to anything and that may be a helpful part of my psychology that allows me  to not over indulge. 
Maybe doctors should look at the personality/history file of a patient, and be less fearful of prescribing it.
(Yep the other drugs were nowhere as good, too too long to work; if at all, and left me a zombie thruout the day.)
Great forum here, very reassuring”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol-prescribed for pain/relieved my depression. For me personally,  I found that it worked best taken at low levels in the am/pm, but did sometimes  have an effect on sleep if taken at too high of a dose in pm. Once I was switched off of this medication, without being tapered, and onto something different for pain all together, is when I realized the positive, anti-depressant effect tramadol was having on me. It was not opioid-analgesic withdrawal that I was experiencing, to anyone who may be having that thought. I was switched to something else for the pain, but the depression persists to this day. The only time I ever feel relief from the depression is when I take some of the tramadol that I saved to ease the depression.”2021For Depression:		“I was never depressed in my life until I was about 42 years old and had some physical ailments. Was depressed for three years but could not take antidepressants since they had severe side effects on me. Tramadol was prescribed for pain I was having and the most significant thing about it was it lifted my depression. I’ve been taking it now for 10+ years. I told my doctor about its anti-depressive effects but she would not prescribe it regularly unfortunately.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol helps EVERYTHING. I have IBS, interstitial cystitis, stage 4 endometriosis, and a multitude of other health issues. It helps relieve my chronic bladder and pelvic pain. It slows down my gut and helps with IBS symptoms. It improves my mood, my sleep quality, and my feelings of depression. I have undergone several surgeries and procedures. Yes, there is an opioid crisis and yes people do abuse medications but people who suffer daily deserve to feel better and live more active and happy lives. I walk 4 miles every day and couldn’t do this without the help of Tramadol. It gave me a big chunk of my life back after being able to do near nothing. Yes yes yes. I am under the care of a pain management doc, submit to random urine tests, signed an agreement, an honest with my doctor, and keep the lines of communication open. I’m doing it the right way. I saw 3 doctors before one agreed to help me and give something besides antidepressants for pain. Don’t give up. Relief is there.”2021For Anxiety:		“Been on tramadol many years, The VA  passed them out like candy, they put me on it for back pain, I noticed right away it gave me energy and keep me alert - it has never done anything for my pain. I still take it 15 years later every day, I still take it for energy and a little more go. I’ve spoken with many people that use it daily for the same reasons I do. Thank you for taking my comments .
Bubba”2021For Depression:		“Works very well for me.  Only downside is can make it harder to sleep so I have 50-100mg in the morning.  Been taking off-label daily for a year or two.”2021For Depression:		“Initially it was quite a miracle drug for me - I have chronic, treatment resistant depression and the last 20 months have been a nightmare. I've tried multiple medications, Ketamine, psylocibin - nothing helped. Once I started taking Tramadol, I felt better within a few days! However, after about 3 weeks, the effect started wearing off, increasing the dose (from 200 to 400mg) didn't help. By the end of week 5, I totally crashed again...”2021For Depression:		“Waouh, tramadol had helped me so much to cope with bits of anxiety and depression that has been drug resistant for decades.
Just make sure u keep the dosage low and don't take it from time to time.
The robustness of the anti anxiety and anti depressant effect is real, when are doctors gonna trust patients that 90 per cent of the time do want to get better and stop suffering!!”2021For Pain:		“Was  prescribed 50mg after getting 4 dry sockets from wisdom tooth extractions and had awful pain for over a week. Unfortunately I had a bad reaction to this - it made me extremely dizzy from taking 50mg 2 times (hours after the first dose I still had no pain relief so I took another - as advised by my pharmacist). Even after that I got no pain relief, if anything it made it worse. A few hours after taking my second dose my heart was pounding and I started feeling incredibly tired, but every time I fell asleep I’d wake up from holding my breath, I also had difficulty urinating and I was dizzy and shakey/weak, nauseous and had no appetite for about 13 hours after taking the second dose. I had to call Health Link and speak to a nurse who told me to stop taking it because I was having an adverse reaction and that it would leave my system soon. I don’t take any other medications so I’m not sure why I had such a bad experience, having anxiety probably didn’t help.”2021For Anxiety:		“For years I've been told I’m depressed & anxious but it’s more than that.  As a child I suffered extreme emotional abuse but have never received any help apart from a brief period of an anti-psychotic.  For at least 5 years I’ve been trying to get heard/listened to/help but nothing.  I want to commit suicide every day but can’t as I have children & won't leave them with that legacy.  I’m completely shut down & withdrawn & if I knew where to get hold of it would have taken heroin to just disappear for a while.  It then occurred to me that tramadol is an opiate that I’ve got for back injury & 4 days ago decided to try it for my head.  I can’t explain the difference I’m able to achieve things not big things but things not possible before, I’m able to watch a film & all I can think is that this is how most people feel.  It’s a glorious feeling of freedom.”2021For Depression:		“My husband of almost 30 years died 6 weeks ago, and left me without a cent, no will, in a foreign country, alone. If not for Tramadol there is no way I would survive preparing to leave here to return to my home country. Have commented here before, but in such a traumatic situation it is even more effective. Some days I up my mgs as needed, and it's honestly keeping me alive. Again I feel it is criminal that it's not prescribed as an anti depressant for those who have tried everything else with no success. It must be approved as an anti depressant!!!”2021For Pain:		“Very effective for my bladder problem”2021For Anxiety:		“I didn’t realize how bad my anxiety was until I took this drug. I used to use kratom but it started making me feel badly, I think because of its stimulating nature. 
Luckily, in the country I am living now, I can purchase tramadol over the counter for very cheap. I have only been taking 25mg every other day, as I do not want to become dependent on it. 25mg (half a capsule) makes me feel calm, fearless and peaceful. I rate 9 because I am unsure of long term effects and generally I do not trust pharmaceuticals. But overall, it is working great so far.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I was on 50mg tramadol 4 x a day for pain related to my  M.S and I was doing ok, I am also on pregabalin and baclofen, recently I developed cellulitis and my GP advised me to double the dose of tramadol and increase my citalopram from 20mg to 30mg
I felt horrendous, non stop crying , anger, pain, head fog and massive anxiety!!! I spoke to my GP again and was told that I shouldn't double my dose and to drop back down, although I have only been on the doubled dose for 5 or 6 days I'm finding it really difficult, dropping one 50mg tablet every 4 days, I'm assuming the feeling really really bad will ease.......”2021For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am a 54 year old male and I have suffered from RSL since I was in my late 20's. Over the years I have tried various medications as well as every type of alternative therapy I came across. Most of the usual medications had unfortunate side effects including altering my mood and personality (according to my wife) and none of the alternative therapies had a noticeable effect on my RSL.

I was given Tramadol for pain and when I came out of hospital for an unrelated condition and was surprised to find that it also completely removed all my RSL symptoms. 

I have now been on Tramadol (50mg) just before bed time for over 8 years now and last year managed to reduce the dose to 25mg (liquid preparation) which still amazingly gives me a good night sleep.

Outside of constipation I have no other noticeable side effects from Tramadol. 

I would highly recommend anyone try Tramadol (maybe start with 25mg). It has truly been a life saver for me.”2021For Pain:		“My pinky was amputated in a freak accident. This drug did not cut it. It took about an hour to kick in. And then it only lasted about 2 hours. Side effects included extreme dizziness, and intense itching everywhere.”2021For Pain:		“I had ankle surgery on 9/2020.  I was given Norco 10/325 for a week after the surgery, which really helped the pain but, after a week, I ran out and had nothing left.  I used a combo of Advil and Tylenol and it did not even touch the pain.  I should mention that the surgeon had to shave part of the ankle bone due to a spur, so that area was especially sore.  After some back and forth and tears, I got a prescription for Tramadol for a week.  I've never taken it before and wasn't sure how it would work.  I'm used to Norco, but I was told Tramadol would help my body taper down from opioids which I was OK with.  I HATE this medication.  I do not do well with SNRIs like Effexor or Cymbalta and Tramadol works like an SNRI.  It made me moody and depressed.  It did, however, help the pain more than Tylenol and Advil, so I will give it that.  However, I will let my doctors know that I don't tolerate the side effects well.”2021For Pain:		“Tramodol does not do its job to relieve pain for sciatica and rheumatic arthritis in the joints. All these doctors seem to think it does help and I'm pretty sure they wouldn't use it for themselves for their pain.The doctors need to take the time to listen to their patients and believe in their words that it doesn't relieve their pain. Each patient has a tolerance to the pain meds especially if they've been on oxycotin, oxycodone, morphine, fetanyl,for many years .4mg of Dialiata is one of the best pain medications to use ...Since all these doctors do not want to give those other pain meds that are listed above since they are so addictive ,that's crazy. They are not the ones with the level of pain the patient has explained to them.  Why do doctors even ask what level is your pain on a scale 1-10 ??The doctors already know what they are going to give &  they are not going to help the patient be comfortable anyways nor even help them with their level of pain in the first place.”2021For Back Pain:		“Been on Tramodol for 10 years and is the only pain reliever that doesn’t effect me mentally . Quite frankly the only medication that helps my arthritis in lower back. Best medicine ever taken !”2021For Pain:		“I was given Tramodal for pain after surgery. What a joke! It didn't even touch the pain I was having. No good med at least for me. Didn't help one bit.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I have 1 cm tears in both rotator cuffs.  Tried Tramadol and it was totally useless...”2021For Depression:		“I don't do drugs! I take tramadol for "kidney stones". I suffer from anxiety and manic depression.  Huntington's runs in my family,  so low dopamine is a biological part of me. I experimented with tramadol and had withdrawals (night sweats and digestion issues for a few days). I then fine tuned my dosage. 100mgs on Wednesdays and Saturdays.  I no longer consume alcohol on those days, I've completely quit smoking cigarettes,  my wife says I'm more loving and pleasant to be around, my sexual performance is amazing (tramadol helps with ....pre mature ejaculation...look it up) and I'm more productive at work. This drug works  great for depression! But you need to regulate!!!”2021For Back Pain:		“WHAT A JOKE! This man-made drug, with a list of side effects as long as my arm, is supposed to be better for us than what Mother Earth has provided in opiates.”2021For Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol 50mg four times a day with Diclofenac 75mg twice a day, the two were used a pre-surgery pain control. The combination of the two really took the edge of my pain. I was able to walk moderate distances without a cane. However, every once in a while I would move it just right and I was at 8 - 10 on the pain scale. Therefore, I have to admit this pre-surgery pain regimen worked for my situation. You just can’t push it like I did. Once I was feeling better I did a few chores that exceeded the benefits of the medication.
However, on an interesting note... I too felt the sharp pain in my right eye (as quoted here by another reviewer.) This sharp pain was instantly coupled with a pain behind my right ear. It almost felt like a bee sting behind the right ear. The pain only lasted less than a few seconds but, would return several times a day.

Lukes-Cat”2021For Back Pain:		“Tramadol had cured my severe allergies while I was on the drug.”2021For Depression:		“I was on norco for 10 years. I got tired of being sick and tired all the time. I tapered off everything including my antidepressants.  2 days ago my Dr talked me into trying Tramadol for my chronic pain. I reluctantly agreed.  This morning out of the blue said I am happy.  It was such a foreign feeling.  I decided to Google Tramadol as antidepressant and surprise I am not alone. I had no clue this was a side effect but I will take it. I would say it has been many years for me since I felt happy. Oh and I hadn't even taken a dose yet. I had my first 2 doses the day before.  Amazing”2021Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Ultram has worked well for the multiple chronic pain issues I have and has allowed me to function though the cervical/lumber problems are becoming worse.  If not for Ultram, I would be housebound & unable to move.  Unfortunately, a new doctor without reason reduced the script which has resulted in my pain increasing and being unable to sometimes walk. I did further research and found the DEA final report that clearly states that doctors should not decrease or stop this med for chronic pain.  They were quick to prescribe gabapentin which is one of the worst drugs taken-within 36 hours I had a severe adverse event.  I filed an adverse event complaint with FDA and also had my pharmacy redline the drug so it would not be prescribed again.  Read the information on meds you are taking or a doctor suggests you take before you pay for it.  Sometimes the negative effects are worse than the health problem you have.”2021For Pain:		“Hip replacement tramadol was prescribed for the pain and had nausea 24/7...never again”2021For Pain:		“I’ve been taking a very low dose of tramadol to combat chemo related migraines for the past 4 months. I take 1/4 to 1/2 50mg pill about 3 times a week. I try not to take it consecutive days if I don’t have to. It has worked very well for me numbing my migraines. If I take a full pill then I get undesired side effects like palpitations. It also has improved my mood and I don’t feel drugged out at this low dose. I was very hesitant to try this kind of pain med but finally decided I need to do whatever is going to let me live a halfway normal life. I was given it a year ago and tried 50mg and hated it and put it in the cabinet. Many months later as a last resort I tried it again but only 1/4 pill. I got great pain reduction 1 hour later with minimal side effects at that dose.”2021For Pain:		“I had to take a second dose of misoprostol for my missed miscarriage and the first time was painful so I asked my doctor for something to relieve the pain and she prescribed tramadol. 

I took it in the morning of January 24th along with the misoprostol and regular over the counter ibuprofen that my recommend me taking with it. 

Everything seemed to be fine until I went to bed. I watched maybe 20 minutes of a tv show, then panicked out of no where with my whole body feeling like a jolt and then hid so I would say random paranoia. It scared me, because I wasn't in control of my body nor my thoughts since there wasn't a reason for me feel scared. Woke up at 4am throwing up with a terrible headache. Woke up again at 7 am with the same feeling. The nausea went away, but still have a headache two days later. Would be cautious taking this medication.”2021For Back Pain:		“Was prescribed Tramadol for herniated disk. Took it for years. It’s very weak in regards to helping pain. BUT helped great for depression.  Unlike antidepressants. Had no withdrawals stopping it. Been off for approx 1 year and depression is bad again. I wish they would approve this medication for depression.”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol works GREAT for depression. With so many other people claiming this I don’t understand why it isn’t prescribed more for depression. It is very weak for helping with pain but works wonders with depression. I took it for years. Have now been off for 2 years due to moving to TN and unsure where I could go. Apparently there is a drug problem here and you bring up anything regarding any pain medication and they think you are an addict lol. I took 50mg twice daily for years with no need to increase my dosage. I had zero withdrawals when I stopped. But recently have been very depressed. Sucks they will not listen to us and help us.”2021For Back Pain:		“Tramadol works for me - 5 years for lower back pain!”2021For Depression:		“It is criminal that Tramadol isn't being researched to develop it specifically for depression. I've suffered from major depressive disorder for over 30 years. Have been prescribed every antidepressant available. Some worked for a while, some not at all. I was given Tramadol for something else and within an hour I felt pretty much alive again. For me it's a miracle drug. I've been going through a really horrific time the last couple of months, and I believe I know I wouldn't have got through it without Tramadol. I take two 50mg capsules a day. There are absolutely no negative side effects. With depression being one of the worst diseases in the world, I find it incomprehensible that it is not being widely used to help the hundreds of millions in terrible distress. Even if it didn't help every person, I know it would help millions. It can be life changing, and it's very inexpensive where I am.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Prescribed for chronic club foot pain, took for about ten years. Only one 50mg pill a day when I weaned off it was very hard. Maybe because of length of time I was on it? They are addictive, and eventually caused me to have worse anxiety.”2021Ryzolt (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Seems to do very little for back pain.  1/2 a Vicoden gave best results but impossible to get now.  Actually had better luck with sinus pain.”2021For Depression:		“I've also had the same experience as everyone else but in NYC I am unable to get tramadol prescribed again.”2021For Pain:		“I was given tramadol for a my broken arm and hand as the bones were smashed to pieces.  For me personally it it the worst pain reliever I have ever taken as all it did was make me very very sick and dizzy. I can't remember the the dosage but think it might have been a quite high, never again though.”2021For Back Pain:		“I had surgery and the doc gave me tramadol for pain. I also have such allergic asthma and have taken every drug ever made for it and surprised I'm still alive. Tramadol 50mg clears up my asthma/sinus quite effectively and better than all asthma drugs. In summer take it at night. Your heart rate slows making asthma worse at night. Always talk this over with your doctor please”2021For Depression:		“Tramadol is great for depression but it can be a very dangerous drug if taken in high doses or with SSRIs or SNRIs as it can cause seizures. I recommend you always carry diazepam if you are taking tramadol with antidepressants as diazepam can save your life in situations where you have seizure(s)”2021For Pain:		“This drug did nothing for my pain. I should have eaten a skittle. Good old aspirin saved the day. Tramadol was useless as a pain med for me. Personally I have never had or experienced any type of addiction but it did not make me feel disoriented, giggly, drunk, or high in any way. I did not even feel sleepy. I just continued to feel post operative pain, and the throbbing of the teeth that anesthesia caused.  I guess I am a major exception to this drug. I will ask my doctor to never prescribe it to me again.”2021For Chronic Pain:		“I got Tramadol 50mg for severe back pain. I took them for 3 days only, once a day in the AM. I could not believe that after only 3 days at 50mg total per day, when I ceased taking the medication, I had severe withdrawal. Not sure if I'm some weird case, but I couldn't sleep for 4 days, had electricity in my arms and legs, severe lack of energy, it was unreal. A week of pure nightmare on earth. 

Don't be scared to take this medication, but just be aware that this medication is highly addictive, and has SNRI effects, so if you do not do well with SNRI medications, might be better to look elsewhere. The fact that Dr's prescribe these like they are candy is scary, and they do not even believe you when you say you had withdrawals. Thank goodness I'm off of this medication.”2021For Depression:		“It was very affirming to read all the comments about how Tramadol worked for depression.
I suffered from medium level depression for 20+years and as a an academic I sometimes found life a struggle.
My very sympathetic psychiatrist prescribed every standard SSRI without any real success.
After a small operation I was prescribed tramadol and immediately the cloud lifted; my GP continues to prescribe 50mg twice a day for knee pain but for me its benefits for depression far surpass anything else; I only use  75mg a day (opening a tab and dissolving in water); it is important not to increase the dose too much; research shows that low dose tramadol is best for depression; I wonder if anyone knows how far research into Tranadol for depression has gone!!??”2021For Chronic Pain:		“Given Tramadol as a PRN for lumbar pain caused by bulging discs and osteoarthritis, sciatica. I also have fibro, myofacial pain in shoulders, severe reoccurring depression. First time I took 100mg I couldn't sleep but my pain was decreased so much I didn't care. I went thru a spell of bad sciatica pain, ended up taking one 100mg a day for 3 consecutive days. I thought I had imagined the increased energy and joy. I felt like myself and wanted to do things I used to do. The 2nd day I definitely felt the increased motivation and energy; NOT a hyper or overwhelming feeling. I was able to focus and concentrate more. It really does rid me of sciatica pain for most of the day and decreases the lumbar pain. In 2 weeks I'll ask my DR about her experience and knowledge to see if it can be incorporated into a daily regimen to assist some of the other medication. I would love if I could have less pain and more energy to be more active for my body's sake.”2021