For Pain:		“Prescribed Tramadol 8 X 50g (400mg) daily for TN (Trigeminal Neuralgia). Advantages: Reduces pain by about 80%, so can function on a daily basis. Appetite suppressant. Don't feel the need to drink alcohol to excess. Much calmer, happier and more focused. Disadvantages: Dry mouth, itching, slight constipation and occasional insomnia. Advantages far outweigh disadvantages, in my opinion. Would recommend.”2011For Pain:		“Works fairly well, but NOT ONE person mentioned the MASSIVE headache(temple). I can't be the only one.”2011For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I love this medicine. It makes my joint pain tolerable. Side effects are minor. Little sweating and minor constipation. Nothing else worked for me.”2011For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Tramadol works  well for me most of the time, but I sweat really bad, I can go in Walmart and I will come out of the store soaking wet. I am still taking it because I need it, but it also makes me itch, not severely, but enough to bother me, hydrocodone breaks me out in a rash. I guess I will just buy over the counter medicines and hope for the best, I do not want to go on narcotics.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“I use tramadol for fibromyalgia pain and it works really good and have no side effects from it. It is good because I am allergic to so many medicines! I use this with Pristiq and it works wonderful!”2011For Back Pain:		“Aside from ice and rest it's an absolute wonder. I can sleep, I can work and I can relax without crying inside. It's the best since aspirin.”2011For Pain:		“After a fall that I had in June 2011 I was prescribed Tramadol as I was in so much pain, so I have been taking tramadol for 6 months. Unfortunately I suffered considerably last week for a number of reasons that include difficulty sleeping, wretching, difficulty breathing, severe exhaustion, but most worrying was the loss of coordination meaning I was unable to walk last week.”2011Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been using tramadol for eight years for joint and muscle pain, the result of Lyme Disease which was undetected for more than a year.  I have NO adverse effects.  The one major problem I have had is since the medicine has now been classified a narcotic, my doctor now hesitates to prescribe it even though I have taken the same dosage for eight years with no reduction of effectiveness or need to increase dosage.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have been on this medication for about 5 years and it helps me alot.”2011For Obsessive Compulsive Disorder:		“Tramadol has been a wonderful drug to help lower my obsessions. I suffer from OCD (Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder). My doctor is understanding and prescribes this to me to help me with my OCD. It isn't a cure, however does help. Tolerance does build up, however and I have to take breaks and get off the medicine and get back on it to get the same effect as before. Too high of a dose can lead to seizures.”2011For Pain:		“In the past 5 years I have experienced a bruised disc in my back and underwent 2 major shoulder surgeries. First, in regards to my back issue- I was physically unable to jog 15 feet with indescribable pain- taking 2 x 50 mg Ultram/Tramadol COMPLETELY eliminated the pain. This was after I attempted to relieve the pain with Percocet and/or Vicodin. Second, following both operations on my shoulder, I could tell you the day before it would rain due to the amount of arthritis plaguing my shoulder. Meanwhile, the day following a game of raquetball left me unable to brush my teeth without taking a break once every 10 seconds. Thankfully, the miracle that came from this medicine relieving my back pain worked the same wonders for my shoulder!”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Please be very aware of the side effects. I was taking this with no problem for about 6 months, then starting having mini blackouts (10-20 secs). Blacked out at the wheel and at work. Apparently this is called mircosleeps and is a possible side effect (under Somnolence). I also experience the CNS Stimulation side effects- mostly anxiety and euphoria. I have been off it for 6 months and no issues, but my doctors had no clue it was the medication, until I stopped taking it and the problems went away.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Have been taking Ultram off and on for moderate back pain for about a year.  This has had very little effect on the frequency, duration, or severity of my RLS.”2011Ultram ER (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“2005 started taking tramadol 50mg, and the within a few months started on 100mg time release. These past few months I feel the medication hasn't helped like in the beginning. Sciatica pain 24/7, Thursday had another round of epidural, and doctor wants me off tramadol. Well tonight I've had such bad anxiety I can't sleep.  I thought he would ween me off this medicine, like all other medicine in this category! Will call the doctors office Monday, this is ridiculous to be miserable at night, due to the doctors advise.  I'm tempted to just take a pill just to get some sleep, I have a little tingly on the right leg, but not in any pain.  Hope this epidural works this time.  Back in 2006 it did not help. ”2011For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“One of the major side effects that I have experienced is a total abhorrence to cigarettes.  As a heavy smoker for almost 40 years and who has tried to stop many times, I was amazed at how easy it was for me to quit once I started on Zytram (Canadian name for tramadol).  To this day, I have no wish or urge for a cigarette and find the smell to be repulsive.”2011For Pain:		“I have recently been put on Tramadol for chronic migraines, in conjunction with a daily preventive medicine. I did not experience any euphoria, nor do I have any problems when I don't take it.  The problem is, I don't receive any pain relief from my migraines when I do take it.  I've tried so many different medicines and was hoping this might be the answer. I was wrong.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had restless legs syndrome for about a year now. It drives me crazy. It is just in my left leg no where else. Dr gave me Requip and did nothing. I tried tramadol and although I still have a bit of tingling in my leg and foot, my leg seems more relaxed. I will say that the ONLY thing I have found to work right away and all day is Vicodin. My doctor told me that pain medicines are a treatment for restless legs syndrome. I'm hoping the tramadol is a winner so I can stop with the pain medicine.”2011For Back Pain:		“I've been taking Tramadol for a year now after a failed microdiscectomy. My pain is definitely reduced however I find myself in a very hyper impatient mood for about 2 hours. I take 2, 50mg before work and top up if I need to. I try not to take on my day off or until I have to as I find the come down quite depressing and my energy crashes.
I have taken a lot of pills and medications for my pain and tramadol is the best one for quick pain relief if you don't mind the mood swings.”2011For Back Pain:		“Caused flu-like symptoms at 150mgs.  Spent 3 days in bed with nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, fever, body aches, headache.  Also experienced headaches and tiny hives all over face and neck.  Discontinued medication yesterday.  Having stomach spasms this morning, probably due to withdrawals.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I suffer from degenerative disk disease and I've had surgery for this twice in my lifetime.  I am only 43 and already on Disability.  I have tried taking Ultram/Tramadol for my back pain and I feel absolutely NO relief when I take it.  I even got brave and took 2 at a time for a day (my normal dose being 50mg every 8 hours).  Still nothing.  I've had at least three different doctors recommend or prescribe this to me over the last 4 years and have never once had it lower the pain in my back.  I am glad to hear that it works for a lot of people, I just wish it would work for me.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“It works better than any narcotic for my neck/back pain, without the side effects of narcotics, such as nausea and tiredness.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been on tramadol for fibromyalgia pain. I have been on them for about 6 years now and find that it works wonders for the pain.  I couldn't do the kind of active work I do without it.”2011For Pain:		“I try not to use tramadol too often for the pain I experience with my Crohn's and Rheumatoid Arthritis - only when it is very severe and the strong codeine I already take is not helping - this is down to the negative side effects I experience when taking it. Although it helps with the pain and can help with my mood I really don't like the overall experience. I find it can make me disorientated; slightly nauseous and with a loss of appetite; blur my vision and make me feel weirdly euphoric (very mildly) in a "speedy" way; and while some people report sleeping better I find it has the opposite effect and I suffer insomnia when taking it. The worst thing by far though is the itching!! I always forget how bad it makes me itch!  100mg”2011For Back Pain:		“I take this pill for back pain. I have bulging and degenerative disks, I am 30 yo female. I have been on this medication for about 5 years or so give or take a few months and it works great. When I have the medication in my system I feel no pain what so ever, however, I must warn new patients who are just starting this medication. Try not to up the dose to much because the withdraw is horrible. When you are running low and you know you can't get none right away its best too ween yourself off as much as possible. ”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“This medicine is literally a life saver. I am only 17 and was diagnosed with fibromyalgia about two years ago, but have had pain, severe fatigue, mental fog, and irritable bowel syndrome for much longer. I take 100mg to 200mg daily in doses of 50mg to 100mg at a time. It works great, I can finally go to school every day and STAY like a normal person. The only downside to this medicine is that it can cause withdrawal symptoms. The withdrawals can be moderate to extremely severe depending on the dosage and individual.”2011For Pain:		“This medicine helps with my pain so much. When I am off of it I cannot function. ”2011For Pain:		“i see alot of people had good results with tramadol but with me,im not so sure. i was Rx'd them last year for BT pain to go with my methadone. it hardly works at all. im Rx'd 1 tab p.r.n. as needed and get about as much relieif as i would from an OTC PAIN MED.tHIS MAY JUST BE ME but im not sure....i will continue trying and post back with more results!”2011For Pain:		“I was experiencing terrible lower back pain. I was prescribed Tramadol and I could not believe the difference. It brought me a level of quality life  I have never known.  Just 1 x 50mg in the morning... that's it.  If I run out ..no problem.. pain just returns just like before but no withdrawal even if out for a week or so.”2011For Pain:		“Been a paraplegic for 36 years. Lots of arm and shoulder pain from ruptures. Been on tramadol for 8 years now. 200-300mg a day. It has allowed me to have a good quality of life I would otherwise not have. Few to no side effects. An excellent pain control medicine.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have been on Ultram for over 15 years. Doctor took me off Darvocet. I take 2 x 50 mg pills in the morning and 2 at night. Without this I could not function at all. I hope they never stop making this medicine. ”2011For Pain:		“Tramadol has completely changed my life.  After my second child, I started experiencing significant lower back pain as well as strange "floating" pains in different joints of my body.  After a terrible bout with Vicodin, I discovered Tramadol on my own and began taking it.  To my surprise it dealt with my pain and also leveled my generalized depressive/anxiety disorder! I've taken this medicine for two years now and I only take three to four, 50mg tabs a day, along with Tylenol and or ibuprofen, to handle my pains. If you have a real pain problem, use this properly; it's too bad doctors don't always understand that.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Its the only thing that works for me!”2011Ultram ER (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Taken for 3 months and restless legs syndrome gone except twice.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I was so hopeful for this medication, after trying so many others without success.  However, after taking it for a few weeks at the maximum dosage I felt absolutely no relief from pain.  No side effects, either, which is great, but I kept having to write down when I took them to ensure I did not double up (just because I felt absolutely nothing at all). ”2011For Back Pain:		“This medicine makes me feel weak and I have a slight chest tightness after taking 4 tablets over a 2 day period. Every 12 hours I will report to doctor and not take this ever again although it was 75% effective. Chest tightness is listed under severe reactions.”2011For Pain:		“I find this to be very very helpful for pain in my teeth. I am waiting on a lot of dental work and I was in severe pain from a filling that came out as well as other problems. I also suffer from panic attacks. This works excellent. I can eat normal till I get my teeth fixed but was amazed that it cleared up my panic attacks. I used to have bouts of depression but I seem much better now. 

”2011For Pain:		“About six years after injuring my back and being advised to have surgery (refused!), I was prescribed Tramadol. It has quite literally given my life back. I had pain 24/7, but learned to live with it taking high doses of ibuprofen. I was in my 60's by then and assumed the lack of energy and interest in -- anything-- was due to my age. Since Tramadol, I am the energetic positive person I used to be without pain! The only side effect that really bothers me is that I seem to clench my teeth- maybe due to the dry mouth. Don't want to ever be without it! Also, I can stop taking it for any period of time without any noticeable issues other than the return of the pain.”2011For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol when diagnosed with a herniated disc at the start of this year. I have found Tramadol to be an effective painkiller, but at a price. Following my operation I suffered very bad withdrawal, the hot sweats for the first couple of weeks were quite frankly awful. I was taking 100mg 3 times a day. Unfortunately, post op I am still suffering pain, and occasionally take 1 x 50mg once or twice a day. Again I suffer awful sickness, dizziness and headaches. At night I suffer from nightmares, and generally do not feel myself. For those prescribed tramadol please be cautious as whilst it is a good painkiller, the side effects are very unpleasant.”2011For Pain:		“I'm a 64 year old male with degenerative disc disease of the cervical spine. I was prescribed 4x50mg tramadol daily as needed for one month followed by one daily as needed long term.  I never needed more than a couple and now usually take none. I also have gout, now completely pain free due to allopurinol. I'd compare my neck pain as a 5 or 6 compared to my gout pain when it was untreated as 10. 
When I do have a 6/10 level pain tramadol takes it down to a 1 or even 0 with no side effects for me at all.
When my pain is 2 or 3 I never take medicines because I don't want to get habituated.
For my less than severe pain tramadol seems perfect.”2011For Pain:		“I started taking tramadol for chronic shoulder pain after I broke my rotator cup, and found it works about as good as Vicodin. I have since realized it improved my mood much like hydrocodone does, big plus. I just hope I don't develop a tolerance like on Vicodon. I've also realized tramadol decreases my appetite during the day which is another big plus. I highly recommend this medicine for pain if they are reluctant to using narcotic pain relievers.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have fibromyalgia; my doctor prescribed Tramadol (Ultram) between 50-200 mg/day as needed. It worked great for about 6 months. Then I started itching all over. The itching was worse than the pain. I find that now I can only take 50 mg/day (before bed). If I take any more than that, the itching returns. Benadryl only helps a little. It was a wonderful medicine for me while it lasted.”2011For Back Pain:		“It's better then a lot of the other pain medications. I get to sleep tonight without a lot of pain.”2011For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I used Ultram for 3 years for chronic back pain/sciatica. It's the only medicine that relieved the pain every time. I took 1-3 50mg pills per day and NEVER had to increase dosage. HOWEVER, I started having memory/attention problems, shaking, blurry vision and possible seizures (being evaluated now). 
I've been off Ultram for nearly a month now and it feels like the veil has been lifted... like my brain's back, clarity. But my original pain feels twice as bad, I have restless legs syndrome and am sleeping MAYBE 4 hours per night. All are symptoms of withdrawal. It worked great for the pain. 
”2011For Pain:		“I have been prescribed 50mg tramadol for severe carpal tunnel syndrome. Ordered to take 1-2 pills every 4-6 hours, there is no relief/improvement of my condition. Back to the drawing board in hopes to get something effective.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been taking Tramadol for about 9 months.  A fortnight ago I started taking Panadol at the same time as my Tramadol after reading a study.  In my opinion it makes the Tramadol 4 times more effective.  I used to take it between 2am and 5am to help me get out of bed now I take 100mg with 1 Panadol before bed, and then again when I get up - I actually can now.  A big thanks to both the people who made it and thought of mixing it with Panadol!”2011For Anxiety:		“It's the only thing that ever helped but you build a tolerance but if you stop for a few days which is hard not impossible - it works just like it did before. I tried all the normal SSRIs, SNRIs and benzodiazepines nothing worked like this. It's the best yet.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“Doesn't work for pain. Just get dizzy. I took it for 10 months hoping it would start working but it never did.”2011For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I just started this medicine today. This took almost all my pain away, but I was so dizzy and sick I didn't think I was going to make it through the day at work.”2011“I've experienced mild to moderate itching in the scalp, arms, and thighs a couple hours later after taking Tramadol. I've taken it several times before, but in the last month or two, I've noticed the itching.”2011For Pain:		“4 months ago I had an accident and severely injured my Achilles tendons in both legs - very painful. Doctor prescribed Ibuprofen 600mg every 6 hours and Tramadol 50-100mg every 8 hours. I find that taking 50mg every 4 hours works way better than taking 100mg every 8 hours. So far I have had no side effects. ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Out of the entire list from above, this is the one that took away the pain, with almost no high.  It's what I've been asking for almost a decade.”2011For Back Pain:		“I had a stroke at 27 due to constant drinking and drug use mainly from depression I also had smoked a pack a day for 15 years (started when I was twelve). I had a lot of back pain before the stroke.  Bad enough that I would drink myself into a black-out to get rid of the pain or take so many Lortabs. Once I got to the rehab unit to rehabilitate my arm from the stroke I told them about the pain and they gave me oxycodone which helped for my migraines from the stroke, but not my back pain.  I am now taking Paxil and tramadol and have almost no pain. It is hard to believe so I give it an A . ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“The best for my pain. That's all I have to say.”2011For Pain:		“I have been using this medication to treat severe pain in my feet that radiates up my legs, associated with Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome. As one who is not a fan of narcotics and how they make me feel totally drugged and out of it, this medication is completely free of side effects and adverse reactions when I have taken it. I'm even able to drive, work and accomplish my daily acts of living without any impairment or restriction due to this medication. Lastly, this medication has allowed me to continue to work on my feet (OR RN) while I use several modalities to treat my condition.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Tramadol has been very effective for my severe restless legs syndrome. However the body does seem to build tolerancce so you must increase dose from time to time. The withdrawal effects are quite severe. I found that a slow withdrawal helps ease the discomfort. I have also been on Neurontin in the past and had good results for several years but the effectiveness seems to lessen over time and increasing the dose did not help. ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Yes, I have experienced a side effect of Ultram which is preventing me from sleeping. It has 50 mg 1 or 2 tablets every six hours as need. I have tried them from my doctor and I have been up all night, I had a total left knee replacement revision on the 8th of June, 2011. I was told also to take 1 Ambien (10 mg) and 1 extra strength Tylenol at the same time. I did and all I did was cat nap and was always awake when the daylight came up. I need REST!”2011For Pain:		“I have chronic pain multilevel degenerative disc disease, arthritis and other illnesses and after many years on many different types of NSAIDS, I went to a different Doctor who prescribed tramadol. It has made a positive difference for me. I don't have any of the side effects (drowsiness, euphoria, etc.) which has always been a concern for me. This medicine works great for pain management. I do not suspect that there is any addictive effects (I hope not) just good pain management!”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I take 100 mg of Ultram as soon as I get up in the morning.  It really does help in a prophylactic way.  If I don't take it for some reason, I can tell within a couple of hours because my nerves start tingling.  I also take 100 mg later on during the day, and I have found Ultram to be the best help that I can take on a regular basis.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Doctor says he found some THC in my system. He took me off MsContin 60mg 3 x daily and put me on Ultram 50mg 2 x daily. I am so much in pain right now. This medicine does not help with my pain at all.”2011For Back Pain:		“I was in a car accident a few weeks ago and it turns out I have a fractured tailbone.  My Dr. prescribed Tramadol so that I could get pain relief during the day, as I need a clear head in order to do my job (I am guessing almost everyone does).  So far I am noticing slight constipation and a little anxiety.  I feel like it does help with the pain a little, but I find myself ready to take a second pill as soon as 4 hours has passed, and I do think that it helps if you take it before you feel the pain like another reviewer said.  I guess I feel like it is a good alternative to something stronger, but I am always ready to take my Flexeril at bedtime. I feel like it helps more, but I can't take it during the day.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“It sometimes works when I take 50mg and sometimes I have to take 100mg. I am allergic to Tylenol and there are not many options. This medication makes me feel like I have a buzz and I can't drive when I take it. If I do drive I feel hot, heart starts racing and I almost black out. So I take it in the evening when I am home. I also itch all over. No rash or hives just itching. Sometimes it makes me sleepy and other times I can not sleep. To me as long as it helps I can deal with the itching and buzz feeling. ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Fourteen years on Ultram, initially prescribed for migraine relief.  As a painkiller, it has never worked for me.  However, there is a little rider attached to the medicine information when I pick it up from the pharmacy about how it may be used for purposes other than pain relief.  For me, it keeps my joints fluid (I now have arthritis as well as fibromyalgia), and most definitely acts as a mood elevator.  No high or buzz, but a feeling of stability.  Because I metabolize ALL medicines at a high rate, it takes more 50mg tablets than the FDA recommends to get relief.  Wears off fast,  but one dose in the morning seems to keep me stable.  Also I cannot sleep without it.  So many, many different reactions to the same medicine.”2011Ultram ER (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Been on it for three day, and feel like myself again. Decompression, fusion, injection therapy, muscle relaxers, opiates, nerve blockers, NSAIDs. Nothing has given me long term relief the way Ultram ER has. Aside from the dependence issues, I think I found my wonder drug. I have degenerative disk disease and spinal stenosis.”2011For Pain:		“I started taking tramadol 3 months ago and it works great. I've had lower back pain for years and heel pain mixed pretty bad pinched nerve that over the counter pain relief medicine didn't work. But since I started taking it my quality of life has improved so much I really didn't realize the pain I was in until the tramadol took it away. I have to admit that it does affect my mental state of mind and makes me feel more positive. I feel the positives out weight the negatives.  Great medicine.”2011For Pain:		“I use ultram 50mg and it has helped with my nerve pain due to my neck and back”2011For Pain:		“I an allergic to all opiates. I have suffered for years with a fractured l4 and now a knee replacement. Without tramadol I could not get my work done.  This really works.”2011For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I'm lying here wide awake at 3:45 am on my 2nd night of trying to wean myself off tramadol under my doctors orders.  He gave me temazapam as a sleep aid and told me to go from 100 mg to 50 mg of tramadol plus 30 mg of temazapam.  Last night was okay, woke up feeling pretty good, but tonight I am back to being miserable because of my restless legs syndrome.  He's never had it, obviously. His concern is that I will require more as I go along.  I've been on 100mg tramadol for about 6 months.  I love that I can sleep, but I'm groggy during the day.  If I don't sleep, I'm groggy as well.  I prefer to sleep!  This RLS has been lifelong, since 8 years old.  Brothers and mother have it as well.  My middle brother just started tramadol tonight.  Will see what he thinks!”2011For Pain:		“For me tramadol is a miracle medicine.  I find that this medicine works better on pain than the narcotic medicines.  The fact that it is a non-narcotic pain medication that is this effective makes it a great choice for me.  ”2011For Back Pain:		“Worked construction for many years and without tramadol I would probably not be able to work. I have missed dosage and not experienced any withdrawal problems. This is a good solution for a problem back without any side effects.”2011For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have tried everything for this restless leg syndrome since the middle of the 1970's, nothing has worked.  Even my pain medicines that I take now for serious pain. But over the years no matter what was given to me for the restless leg syndrome it did not work until I was prescribed tramadol for some back pain after I gave birth to my daughter and I can say this much I have never woken my husband up in the middle of the night since I have taken them and I will never stop, I have had this problem since I was 8 yrs old.  We all get to sleep peacefully now and my legs have never felt better. And no I do not smoke or take the pill.”2011For Pain:		“Initially tramadol worked wonderfully for the chronic pain that I experience. I was prescribed Ultram for foot and back pain as an alternative to hydrocodone.  I never had any significant withdrawal symptoms or dependency problems from the hydrocodone, my doctor just had a problem prescribing it to me for reasons unknown to me.  I asked him directly about the long term effects of taking tramadol and he assured me that it was nothing for me to worry about.  HE WAS WRONG.  I understand that every drug affects everyone differently, but I have never felt so terrible in my life as I am currently in the process of getting off of tramadol.  Body aches, cold sweats, mood swings, overall body stiffness...I feel miserable. ”2011For Pain:		“This does not help my pain. I have to take Tylenol with it.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I'm only 26 years old and have been suffering from chronic back pain for 6 years (due to a fall). I haven't gotten much help from all the doctors I've had. They all treated me like an addict because I'm so young. Anyway my new doctor has given 50mg of Ultram but only 15 day supply. I wish I could have it everyday but the risk of addiction is not worth it. I'm am super grateful I get 15 days of relief a month. It has helped me be my happy go lucky self. I recommend it.”2011For Anxiety:		“I have been taking Tramadol HCL for severe anxiety and clinically severe OCD. This medicine really works wonders for anxiety and my Psychiatrist has me on this combining it with Risperdal and Xanax XR and Xanax IR. But, before I combined Tramadol HCL with those other medicines I was taking the Tramadol HCL alone and it knocked my anxiety down to more tolerable levels and helped me ignore my obsessions from my OCD more.”2011Ultram ER (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I had scoliosis surgery about 30 yrs ago. Was in an auto accident herniated cervical and lumbar discs. Now fused T1-S1. Lumbar fusion resulted in nerve damage with pain radiating through right leg to my toes. Lyrica and Neurontin didn't help. Tramadol worked wonders. I take 2-50mg tabs and they get me moving. But they keep me up at  night the pain keeps me up all night too so I take temazepam for sleep. Now I'm trying the extended release version at night hoping the lag time until they start working will allow me some sleep and I'll feel better when I wake up.”2011For Pain:		“I was taking 3-4 Lortab's a day 7.5 for 2 years for chronic low back pain. My new Doctor won't write narcotics for chronic pain, so he gave me Ultram 25mg. I was worried about withdrawal from Lortab, but I had none, zero, I don't know how I just didn't because I have run out in the past and had withdrawals. I like Ultram. I take it less than the Lortab and it works just as well. I think Lortab "made" my body hurt so I would take more of it (if that makes sense). I need 50mg sometimes 100mg to get relief and I can not take Ultram ER. If you are taking that, that may be why you are having dizzy spells ... it made my vertigo crazy!”2011For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol 50 MG, to help with my really bad neck pain. The original dosage was one at a time. Then I went back because it wasn't helping, so he said that I could take two. I did, AS THE DOCTOR SAID and spent the next 24 hours too high to see straight. I couldn't drive, think straight, or make coherent sentences.”2011For Back Pain:		“Just started to take it. I take 2 -100 mg one in the mid morning the other at night, however I find the need for a couple of smaller doses. 37.5mg between the 12 hours total amount is 275 mg. So far so good.”2011Tramal SR (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“I have suffered from Fibromyalgia for 20 yrs, diagnosed 11 yrs ago. I have been on Tramal SR for the past 8yrs. It allowed me to keep working although I now take the maximum allowable daily dose and sometimes have to top up with ibuprofen or codeine. If I miss a tablet pretty severe withdrawal symptoms but without it I wouldn't still be able to work. It saved my sanity.”2011For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Works great for restless legs and back pain, and agreed so what if you need to be on it forever. I need to be on Synthroid forever, and Premarin forever too.  If it helps me sleep good at night so be it.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Only seems to last for 4 hours.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Fibromyalgia:		“Works extremely well for my fibromyalgia pain.”2011For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am unaware of any severely adverse reactions regarding the use of Tramadol.  I use 50mg two to three times per day for arthritic pain and for restless leg syndrome. I have also found that the more you use your back and legs during the day, (exercise, walking, biking, running) the less symptomatic the restless legs syndrome is. Perhaps there is a connection between the neurological pathology of RLS and exercise.  Maybe the increase in endorphins caused by exercise has something to do with it.  Sorry, I digress.  In the meantime, when RLS is symptomatic, Tramadol is a God send. Tramadol is quite effective as well for arthritic pain.  I wouldn't take anything else.”2011For Pain:		“I take tramadol 50mg three times daily for severe carpal tunnel syndrome and recurrent tendonitis.  It is the only thing that has helped me so far, and has very few unpleasant side effects for me.  I must take it with food, however, or I have nausea.  This medication has been a lifesaver for me, it is effective without the spacey feelings of narcotic pain relievers.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I took just one 50 mg tablet for shoulder and upper back pain in the evening.  I woke up with a migraine type headache. I am not likely to take anymore. I had no problems with Darvocet, but they took this medication off the market.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I have rheumatoid arthritis and tramadol helps me tremendously with the pain. Be aware though, the withdrawals are horrible. I was out of tramadol for two days and had crawling sensations and aching in my legs. ”2011For Back Pain:		“Medicine gives a funny taste in mouth when in full effect.”2011For Pain:		“This medicine did get rid of my pain from a fall.  However, I took it as directed and only had 100mg in my system.  I was woken up approximately 2 hours after the second pill with bad stomach pains and proceeded to have adverse reactions including cold sweats, clammy skin, dizziness which went into vertigo which lasted some 18 hours and I am still not completely stable.  I expect that the fact that I have not been on any prescription pain killers for over 30 years may have something to do with my reaction.  However, the reaction was worse than the original pain.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have been using Tramadol for back pain due to spinal fusion. I found that when I am on a higher dose, I feel OK but once I am under 200 mg a day, it doesn't work for me. Unfortunately, this medicine has to be weened from so I have to go through the lower dosages to be able to try another medicine.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Didn't work for back pain.”2011Ryzolt (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had a long fusion of my spine, from T-3 to the pelvis.  This was a huge operation and it took over a year to heal, but chronic pain is the price I pay.  I used to take oxycontin and oxycodone but my physician switched me to Ryzolt, 200 mg.  It works better than the Oxycontin that I was trying to wean off.  But I expected to be able to wean off of the Ryzolt as well and am now trying to take the 100 mg., but it is difficult.  I'm hoping that the pain will subside with time, and am trying to go slowly by first alternating days that I take the 100 and 200 mg pills.  My goal is to be medication free, but I'm not sure it's possible.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibromyalgia for over 20 years.  I started out with the drugs used then.  In the last 5 years, we had to change the medications due to increased pain.  When Lyrica came out, it helped a lot.  Adding tramadol has been the best answer to my pain needs now.  I take 100mg two times daily.  The only side effect I see is a good one.  I am less tired.  Can't take it too close to bed or it will keep me up.  It helps me so much sometimes I wonder if that is good.  For now, I am very glad for this drug.”2011For Back Pain:		“I have been on Tramadol for about 2 years now for my back pain associated with scoliosis. I take 200mg daily. It has worked great! Although just had to up my dose to 300mg daily. I'm afraid that my body is going to get immune and I will have to take more.”2011For Pain:		“After taking Ultram for pain, as prescribed by my physician, I found that taking this was the same as taking any other OTC NSAID.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Good at relieving pain for a short duration (4 hours at a time) with few side effects. I found that at 200mg/day my pain was cut in half and I had increased energy and a brighter mood.  I have used this medicine for 4 years now and find that it is very effective for about four months.. and then effectiveness decreases.  At that point, my doctor switches me to a narcotic for three to four weeks and then I can continue with the tramadol over again with a "reset" in the effectiveness factor.  The strongest negative for me is getting off the tramadol... withdrawl effects include major mood swings, insomnia, and dizziness.  But overall, it is quite effective and has very few bad effects for me while taking it.”2011For Back Pain:		“I received Tramadol as a treatment for my back pain. Unlike Vicodin, Oxycontin, Morphine, and Methadone, Tramadol seems to have minimal side-effects. It makes me energetic and able to get through the day pain-free. Plus, I sleep well at night. I was addicted to the above narcotics for a few years, and Tramadol is the only drug that makes me feel pain-free, but also gives me the confidence that it is less addictive and less expensive.”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“I was prescribed 50 mg Tramadol 3 to 4 times per day for the pain associated with Fibromyalgia. I was pleased with the relief I got. One year later and I am now addicted to it. In my opinion, this medicine should be for short term use only, not for chronic pain.”2011For Pain:		“Hi. I was perscribed Tramadol following a serious motorcycle accident (max dose 400mg daily). FOR ME, this was/is the ONLY effective pain killer. Without it I would have struggled with my recovery. However, please, please, please do not underestimate the difficulties associated with coming off the drug. Withdrawal symptoms are horrible. Whilst I am still recovering from the accident (18 months ago) I don't need pain relief anymore. Unfortunately, I have found that my most difficult challenge to date is to come off the tramadol. Over the last 6 months I have gradually reduced the dose - now down to 100mg daily. I reckon it's going to take me another 6 months to come of it. ”2011For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol  does help, but they changed me to Lyrica which helps me much better.”2011For Pain:		“I have DDD and DJD in my hips. I don't tolerate many medications very well but Tramadol side effects are more manageable for me. Codeine gives me upset stomach and vomiting. The big issue I have with Tramadol is severe constipation. I did have severe itchiness at first too but that went away. It is the only pain reliever that actually works for my back pain and it has also lifted my depression. Withdrawal after trying to wean myself off was diarrhea and irritability and mood swings. Then my back pain returned so I have decided to go back to taking 100mg twice a day while I do PT. 9 out of 10 due to side effects.”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Ultram-50 relieved my neck pain (arthritis) and made me much more alert by removing the fog of pain, instead of the "drowsy" side effect mentioned in the literature.  However, when I was switched to generic Tramadol, I experienced severe itching all over.  ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“No effect. I thought it must be a placebo. ”2011Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for a severe sore throat.  I couldn't eat anything or take my other medicines before taking it and was only able to drink enough to keep me hydrated.  Although I have experienced headaches and nausea since taking it, I can at least eat soft foods and soup and take my other medications.  The headaches and nausea aren't pleasant, but, after losing 6 lbs in 2 days because I couldn't eat, the benefits definitely outweighed the side effects.”2011