For Pain:		“Tramadol was prescribed by the orthopedic surgeon who fixed my knee in 2011. He guaranteed it would not cause constipation or addiction. While it was helpful for the surgical pain to some degree, it wasn't enough to allow me to complete physical therapy. It gave me abdominal pain and a permanent megacolon with constipation. It gave me headaches and increased my shoulder pain. Never lowered pain from arthritis/fibromalgia better than 9 down to 7. I quit that awful drug in 2014 on my own and the detox was horrific. ”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Ultram (Brand) has made my life bearable.  I suffer from Fibromyalgia, Osteoarithritis, and Osteoporosis.  I have lessened pain if I take Ultram (Brand). Tramadol, the generic does nothing to lessen the pain.  My Rheumatologist said many of his patients are not helped with Tramadol.  It is not even the same formulation.  Ripoff.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“My GP prescribed Tramadol for the severe pain I suffer. I took it for a while, it neither relief my pain or make me happy. Till now I can not understand how this medicine makes people happy. This medicine was very bad and had side effects. It made me dizzy, feeling nauseous and headache.  It was really bad medicine.”2019For Depression:		“I am a single mother of 3 boys one who has autism and some days we're soooo hard that I was only just coping. I had anxiety and depression. I was prescribed me some tramadol for a headache I had and let's just say in about 40 mins I went from feeling anxious, stressed and angry to happy, energetic and playing with my children. Complete life changer for me for the better. My quality of life improved along with my families as now they have a mother who is happy, patient and calm. I've been on tramadol for about 7 years with no complications. At most I have gone up to on "bad" days was 800mg but now I taper down or have a couple of days break so my tolerance does not build, because obviously like other pills the withdrawal is awful. But so worth it for me ”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have kidney disease that was diagnosed as gout for ten years. The worst part is that my tissue was carrying 3x the amount of fluid of a normal person. The area around my pelvis was infected by gangreen through an ingrown hair. I lost my bladder, 6 inches of intestine, one testicle and my scrotum (my remaining testicle is inside the skin of my right leg). I now require a super pubic foley (cathater in my belly) to replace my bladder and have constant pain. I was in ICU for 7 months and on Dilaudid now I'm in a nursing home where they only give me this Tramadol as pain relief, It doesn't work!!!”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I’ve had RLS for over 40 years.  Tried all the recommended meds most did not work, some caused augmentation.  Was prescribed Tramadol about six years ago in the ER, and the immediate release forms.  It’s getting to the point when several times a month it’s not working as effectively as before.  I’m looking for another med I can take in addition to Tramadol.  Is anyone else having this problem, and are any of you taking multiple drugs to relieve your RLS symptoms?  Thank you!”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication from the ER doctor because I have a muscle in my neck/shoulder/ head that has been in a spasm for 4 years & occasionally it will flare up worse than normal to the point I can’t turn my head/neck or use my left arm.
It has done absolutely nothing for the pain.
I’ve found other narcotic pain relievers that do work much better than Tramadol.”2019For Depression:		“Tramadol is the only thing that has ever worked for my depression.   However, because of the Opioid crisis every time I tell anyone, including doctors, this fact, they treat me like I am drug addicted.   Several have gotten snotty with me and insisted they have never heard of such a thing.  Because of this, finding a doctor who will listen is next to impossible.  I had one, a very good one, but I had to move away.  This drug significantly improves my life.  When it wears off in the evenings, I sink back into suicidal depression.  I have one refill left and then I am back to life debilitating misery.”2019For Back Pain:		“I've tried tramadol twice for my back pain and both times it didn't help at all, but did make me feel sick, confused, irritated and shaky. What's the use of that? This synthetic drug is a joke. While it MAY work on some people for whatever reason, it does NOTHING for me.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol intermittently about 6 years ago because I suffer with chronic sinusitis and have these debilitating headaches.  I basically live with a headache - wake up with one and go to sleep with one.  Tramadol helped with the headaches but never really went away.  I've suffered with panic attacks for 20 years and have been on Zoloft for that.  I had to up the dose because 9 years with life changes etc. depression set in.  I battled with it in silence but then realized when I took Tramadol for my headaches, I felt like myself again so I stopped the Zoloft and started taking Tramadol daily.  At first I was worried because of the risk of addiction but I have no problem with not taking it.  I stopped drinking alcohol completely because that brings on even worse headaches.  Tramadol for me has been a life saver.  It doesn't make me tired or drowsy and I'll stay on it as long as the doctor prescribes it for me.”2019For Pain:		“Worse pain medicine ever. What a joke.”2019For Depression:		“I’m using tramadol off label for depression as well as chronic back pain, just 50 to 100 mg daily. It doesn't have any of the nasty side effects like all of the typical antidepressants. I virtually have no side effects from it. It’s a godsend for me, it cures anxiety and lifts my mood.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“The doc said this was not addictive and that I could take up to 6 pills a day. I built up a tolerance and always ran out early. I also found out that I may have anxiety and depression because I felt like I was on cloud 9 on this stuff. But running out...running out is like plunging from heaven and falling to the depths the ocean. Even reducing my dosage or waiting 2 hours from my regular schedule I would start feeling the withdrawals...sweating, terrible diarrhea, body zaps and restless legs. Constant wishing that I had just one more pill...sleepy during the day and cannot sleep at night. Feeling like I would do anything to relieve the pain. This stuff is more addictive than hydrocodone, but it is also an SNRI so the taper has to be no more than 10% each week. Now I am currently taking hydrocodone again as well as cymbalta...I wish I had never heard of tramadol...if you have an addictive personality and run out of your meds early DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG ”2019For Pain:		“Was prescribed tramadol 50 mg took 2.  2 hours passed and still suffering. Drank plenty of water, ate an hour before. I have a lot of pain in different places. Daily, constant. 10 years worth. Tired of these doctors with these fake medicines. They don't  care about our suffering, just money and liability. Over it...”2019For Back Pain:		“This medicine does nothing for me. It is also a medication not good for my kidneys. I have stage 3 kidney disease. Please pain doctors listen to your patients. My back pain so severe I cannot take care of my house or myself at times. I am tired of pain and walking bent over.”2019For Back Pain:		“Tramadol just doesn’t work period. I started low and worked my way up to what the dr said what the highest allowed dosage and it didn’t do anything for my back pain. In fact I felt it made things worse. My stomach hurt and I felt shaky. I don’t understand the move towards this useless medication at all. It just doesn’t work.”2019For Back Pain:		“tramadol has made all the difference for me, living with chronic pain from spinal stenosis. I take 50 mg with gabapentin to sleep at night, another 50 mg when it wears off and I wake up in the wee hours of the morning, then 50 mg to get me up and going. Once I'm up and focused on work, I can usually get through the day without any more. Without it, I probably would not be able to sleep at night or work in the day. It doubles as an anti-depressant, but for me pain and depression are so interconnected that it's hard to distinguish them.”2019For Back Pain:		“This medication is awful. I have severe back pain and leg pain that when it gets at its worse, I can’t do anything with out screaming and crying. I can’t even stand, sit or lie down. Due to the opioid crisis, I was prescribed tramadol and it did absolutely nothing. I kept taking it because I was desperate for anything to help. The only thing I got from it was awful withdraws from when I finally stopped taking it after a couple of weeks. I didn’t sleep but 2 hours a night for months, I had awful anxiety and depression and was severely agitated all the time for no reason. I would never recommend taking this to anybody.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Was told this would take the pain away from my extreme hemorrhoid but apart from making me drowsy its done nothing for the pain at all!”2019For Depression:		“I've had a mesh implant. It's not getting any better as far as the pain.  I've been diagnosed with depression and severe anxiety. I've been on all types of medication , but they had caused way too many side effects. Tiredness was something that I can't deal with, and tramadol doesn't make me feel like that. I've been taking tramadol for pain, but it has totally made my life better. My mood is up, I'm no longer depressed, and I only take 150mg a day. Virtually no side effects. I truly wish that tramadol could be prescribed for my mental issues. It has kept me from relapsing. I've been clean and sober for three years now. I haven't had any cravings since I've started taking tramadol.”2019For Pain:		“I take one every night for shoulder pain. I tore both left and right rotator cuffs and had a replacement on the left which no longer hurts. The right shoulder still hurts mostly at night for some reason. It is something to do with the position but even doctors are not sure why. Tramadol relieves my pain but has none of the nasty side effects of hydrocodone or other opioids. No constipation, drowsiness, etc. I'd say it's a great drug. OH, and no trouble with addiction. I have stopped taking it for a day or two and there are no cravings or ANY of the other side”2019For Back Pain:		“I have been on these tramadol for just a few weeks for permanent nerve damage and sciatica.  I've  been tried on a few medicines and one worked before but has come under restriction in the UK as a controlled drug (gabapentin) due to people abusing them, so now I am on these Tramadol, they work great in removing the burning, numbness and severe pain that travels from my butt to my toes on my left side, for the best part of the day at least but, They have not been without there side effects! I had bad nausea when trying to get to sleep, bad constipation and delayed emptying of my gut, hemorrhoids due to the constipation, over tired during the day when trying to do my work (manual worker), feel bizarre sometimes, like I am high, vibrating inside lol, been told by my doctor to bare with it my body will eventually settle down and it is just I have never had opiate meds before, I hope he is right but I am also told that they are very addictive, this worries me a bit!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol 50mg 4 x daily for my IC. Which is a bladder disease that is painful. Doc told me it may take 7 or 8 hours and 2 doses to feel relief. And that was exactly what happened. I had been in pain for a couple years and finally felt better. I've been on 300 ER for 13 years now and this makes life worth living. If I miss my morning dose,I know in a couple hours but it rarely happens that I forget.”2019For Depression:		“I just wanted to do a follow up , from a previous post about Tram for pain. So let me just say Tram is a depression, anxiety killer. Point blank. There is not another drug like it. The chemical make up is so unique because,  yes it does help with pain. But it will absolutely give you a new lease on life if you are depressed. But please, please use with caution, never ever take more than prescribed. Because let me tell you, If you ever have to quit the Tram. The withdrawals are a living hell. And that is putting it mild. There are two classes of people I would recommend Tram too. One with severe depression, that other SSRI did not work. And those who plan on staying on Tram for life. And not conning off. If you ever have to go without for couple days. You will see what I mean. Great drug, lifesaver in some cases. But proceed with caution. Please”2019For Back Pain:		“This drug is not meant for depression it is an opioid and highly addictive should only be taken when you have a lot of pain that ibuprofen/tylenol can’t get rid of. Very highly addictive with side effects just like codeine.  For my  pain it works really good.”2019For Depression:		“I suffer from depression and I know for a fact Tramadol helps it.  I get tramadol once a month for my back pain.  It helps a little for the back pain but helps my depression enormously.  The only bad thing about it though is like with all opioids you build 
up a tolerance, and even for depression, you need more.  I always run out and my depression always comes back until it's filled again.  No other pysch med that I have taken works as well.  I also know that even though it takes my depression away that it's too good of a happy mood.  So I'm sure it is probably making me high.  You know they first made Tramadol for depression.  But they noticed exactly what happens to me when I take it.  So no I do not think it would make a good depression med, due to the fact people would and do abuse it.”2019For Obsessive Compulsive Disorder:		“Tramadol is a God send for OCD. It works within an hour to calm anxiety, and to stop intrusive thoughts. My sister gave me one Tramadol for a back sprain. Never took another for pain, but have taken Tramadol for ten years for OCD.”2019For Anxiety:		“Life savior. Help a lot, not just with anxiety, but with the bad mood too. Make you wanna do lots of things. Its really great.”2019For Pain:		“I asked my PA for something not addictive but I can take away the pain. I'm allergic to Codeine  and can't take it. I cannot take to many pain pills it  is just really bad for me and this Tramadol was a blessing to me.  I have thinning bones and with Tramodol I can move around  and walk. broken hip and knee cap broke.old arthritis is here.  They took away from me...”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This stuff is at best a little better than an 800 mg. ibuprofen tablet.  I would call it a "placebo" that is now offered to patients instead of real medication for real pain management.”2019For Back Pain:		“At first it was the best medication I have came across in my life made me happy and energetic.   I had just had a baby girl who has colic so you can understand my need for a super drug I took everyday it gave me super powere I would say but 2 tablets a day wasn't enough now my baby girl is 3 years 9 months and I was  taking way too many at a time it almost killed me with have 4 trips to the ER. I was losing control of my life. I let this tablet control me I HATE TRAMADOL. That happiness isn't permanent it's all fake it's going to fade, that energy you seem to have is going to take a huge toll on yourself once you stop. I'm now on day 7 of not taking it and it is terrible -  I still have no energy to cook clean or look after my baby  - it's the worst feeling in my life. God help me I pray for you all and your families that you never have to suffer from this piece of garbage.  They should stop destroying us humans this way!!!!!”2019For Depression:		“I see a lot of reviews on here saying how much of a wonder drug tramadol is for depression, and I just want to mention why doctors don't want to prescribe it is because it is VERY addictive. Tramadol is an opioid, so taking it daily is not a great idea, even if its a small dose like 50mg. However, it is very effective and works amazingly well for social anxiety, and for me the social effects last even longer than the actual time that the drug is in effect. That said, just watch how often you take it to prevent addiction.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Doesn’t work”2019For Depression:		“This medication is simply perfect. 

I take one 50 MG dose in the am. One 50 MG dose in the afternoon.

If necessary, one 50 mg in the evening. 


Zero drowsiness. Zero side effects. I’m the happiest human on earth. Cures 100% of anxiety and depression. It even helps with pain related issues too. But for depression and anxiety, it is amazing.

It also deters you from wanting other drugs (whether it’s marijuana, alcohol, or anything else) because you naturally don’t want it because you don’t feel anxiety or depression. You are genuinely happy and clear headed. 

If you want to get high, take something else. If you genuinely want to be happy all the time with no anxiety or depression and want to socialize, this is 10X better than anything else. 

My doctor stopped prescribing it to me after my surgery after 2 years.”2019For Pain:		“I take tramadol for arthritis in my left knee, and it does not relieve the pain as well as norco!!!!! And to everyone who has RLS try REQUIP!!!!!!! it is a life saver for me. My RLS was so severe that I was about to go out of my mind.  I didn't have pain, just could not keep my legs still AT ALL. I was in the hospital recently with a severe headache ( I thought it was a TIA ), but it was not, but they wanted to admit me and do an MRI the next day, but I had RLS so badly and I could not get a Requip fast enough but every time I asked for it they would say the Dr. Hasn't ordered it yet and I was in such a state without it, too the point that I checked myself out of the hospital so I could come home and get relief with MY REQUIP. It was a horrible experience......you can bet that if I have to go back too the hospital I will take my REQIP with me!!!!!!”2019Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I just started Ultram ODT so far not impressed the government need to understand there are people out here that needs these meds. Good honest hardworking Americans who deserve a few hours a day without pain. Now I am in pain all the time I don’t have insurance, so I pay for all my meds with cash. There no way I’m going to even consider selling my much needed meds and I know there billons out there who are just like me I have had to go dark to take care of myself it was that or a bullet in the head nobody wants to be like this nobody!!!!!! But our government doesn’t care.”2019For Pain:		“Have been in extreme disabling pelvic pain. Took two 50 mg tramadol several times. Did nothing. Seeing pain management Dr. in ten days. Feel like dying. 
Has been four weeks now.”2019For Depression:		“Not only does this drug help me with a herniated disc in my neck and back pain, it also gives me tons of energy and makes me feel happy and more out-going. I feel like I can get so much more done while taking this, this really should be prescribed over anti-depressants. I took Lexapro for a while and Tramadol seems to put you into a good mood instantly. I take one 50mg pill a day, works perfect for me.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“This is the only medicine that had worked to relieve my fibromyalgia pain (burning, aching in my legs) and allows me to function again. Because of the opioid problem and my move out of state, I could not get a dr to prescribe, although I only was able to see PAs. Now that I moved again and found a good Dr that I see who understands fibromyalgia, I am back and able to work. I could not work for 2 years without it. Very grateful to have it. Have not found it addictive. I only take when absolutely necessary and try going without if possible. No side effects. Even gave me back my energy.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have herniated L4-5 with severe spinal stenosis, bone spurs, nerve compression and other things going on in that region and L3- which is not as severe.  No feeling in legs and feet most of the time and have great difficultly walking and maintaining my balance (use a cane). Tramadol is NOT working (50 mg 3x per day). I have taken 
a steroid pack and the lowest dose of Percocet which worked the best, but alas, my last pain management doctor would not prescribe any thing. It makes me wish they could feel the pain.  Thumbs down to Tramadol”2019For Depression:		“I'm upgrading from 9 to 10.
For some reason there is no randomized research comparing tramadol with mainstream antidepressants. Do not be surprised as the realization that tramadol outdoes all the other antidepressants combined has a huge price tag. Tramadol doesn't pay for your psychiatrist to go to Maui and to advertise its near miraculous affect on depression and anxiety within the medical field is sacrilegious. Nevertheless it's an amazing drug. My friend takes 50mg daily without ever needing to raise the dose. Note that different genetics have different liver enzymes. People of Middle Eastern and Southern European descent seem to better process tramadol. Less lucky are people of northern Europeans descent and Orientals descent. Or so I observed.”2019Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol is ineffective for my chronic pain.  I've been given six times more Tramadol to replace morphine.  Tramadol is a poor substitute for chronic pain relief and copays are more than three times more expensive.”2019For Depression:		“Suffered from depression since I was a teen. Nothing helped. In winter and autumn I feel so bad everyday that I literally want to suicide. One of those gloomy, dark and cold days I was prescribed tramadol for another pain that I had. I felt so happy, like I've never been before. It's really a miracle drug. 
In my experience, taking just 100mg a day makes my mood a lot better, without getting me high, 250mg  is too big a dose.  It is not addictive at all, I mean physically, psychologically it kind of is. No withdrawal symptoms at all. Can easily take it then take a break for a week and start again. BUT, couldn't accept the fact that I would never take it again. Just can't. Give it 10/10. Don't recommend doing it everyday but it is good for depression”2019For Back Pain:		“I love it, tramadol is not very strong for me and gave me relief. Being a patient of lower back pain I have been to mostly all the doctors.
 and the medicines they prescribed seemed to help me temporarily. Currently my pain management Doctor and he has recommended me thermotherapy. Which has been quite helpful for me. The icing might help in injuries but I believe it would cause more pain if applied for joint pain.
”2019For Pain:		“I was given tramadol for a neck injury. Did absolutely nothing for the pain. If I could give it a zero I would. I might as well have taken a gummy bear.”2019For Depression:		“I  have experienced depression as long as I can remember.
After ineffective treatment with all of the SSRIs/SNRIs available even today,  I resigned myself to the fact it was just the way it was.

While at my London office, I stopped by a pharmacy for some Advil for a headache.  The Pharmacist pointed to an over-the-counter medication.  After taking it, my headache went pretty much away, but the "cloud" that was my depression was GONE!  Amazing...  the OTC med was Tramadol.”2019For Pain:		“I was diagnosed with shingles. The pain is constant and relentless and runs from my back through the length of my right leg. I was given Tramadol for pain relief. I would have been better served being given a bag of M&M's. Tramadol has zero effect. Tylenol does indeed work better.”2019For Pain:		“I have been reading a lot of the reviews on here about Tramadol. What you have to remember is that every drug will react differently to different people.
Personally I think Tramadol is a good drug for me as it help with pain and increases mood elevation. I don't take it everyday I take it as a when needed basically.  Taken correctly and wisely then they can be a great benefit to people who are in pain.
Googling something will always give you good and bad reviews on everything. If you need them and they work for you then take them. We all need a little something with general aches and pains as we get older and if they improve your quality of live, which in my case they do, then taken correctly they will do you no harm at  all.
Hope this will help some people”2019For Back Pain:		“I have had negative experiences with SSRI's  in the past. I had no idea that tramadol acted on serotonin and norepinephrine. This has greatly increased my depression, which was already close to unmanageable. I feel betrayed by my doctor and pharmacology as I was hesitant to be put on anything in the first place.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I am a 62 yr old male who suffered from RLS since my youth.  I tolerated it until I reached my mid 40s when I finally had to see a Dr. who sent me to a neurologist who diagnosed me with RLS.  I was prescribed many of the typical RLS meds to no avail.  I got no relief, until he prescribed Ultram/tramadol.  I have been on it for over 15 years, and keep my dosage as low as possible, currently 250 mg a day.  Tramadol relieves my symptoms if I take it early enough.  Caffeine also helps me.  Recently I heard that some people use diclofenac sodium for RLS.  There is some evidence from the UK that this may provide relief.  I would like to find another medication to alternate with the tramadol, because of augmentation.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had RLS as long as I can remember I am 54yrs old . Tried all the normal drugs ,creams ,gels etc . Recently had knee replacement surgery got slow release tramadol and no RLS, I stopped  tramadol for a bit and RLS came back so am now on it, still for pain in knee but its greatly helping with RLS . It doesn't matter if its addictive it's better than living with the awful life of severe RLS in my opinion”2019For Back Pain:		“This drug tramadol works. You do have to watch out for side effects, especially if you take it on a regular basis. Withdrawal usually lasts a week and can be a bit on the rough side due to: bowels ,weakness, temperature control. It really slows down the bowels. I actually think it is a better for mood enhancement than pain relief. Can be a positive experience IF managed properly-tolerance control is key.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Does not work”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“I've had Fibromyalgia for 5 years, only formally diagnosed in January this year. So, I have suffered. I tried Pregabalin but couldn't tolerate it. I asked to try Tramadol and what a difference, they are a wonderful drug for Fibro pain, to alleviate anxiety and lift your mood most probably because you don't feel overwhelmed with pain. I prefer to not take them if I feel I can cope well without to prevent dependency. I recommend you give them a try.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I didn’t realize the pain in my legs was RLS. I’ve had this horrible pain as long as I can remember. I would be in such pain at night my Dad would have to rub my legs until I fell asleep. Back then everyone said it’s just growing pains well here I am at 2:36am in such pain. 
I’m wondering if anyone has more pain in one leg and if so does it go from your knee all the to the bottom of your foot? 
I asked Siri what can I take for this horrible pain in my legs and this popped up. 
I do have some tramadol left over from a previous incident so here goes. 
Also mine I very weather related. When there is a shift in the weather no matter what type I know I’m in for severe pain;(.”2019For Depression:		“I love tramadol.  I use it for both mood and pain. I usually take 50mg a day but some days none and some days 100mg. I like it because I take as needed. Ive been addicted to opioids but this one is different.  It’s like a miracle drug for me”2019For Pain:		“This medicine tramadol in a horrible synthetic. I have never felt worse in my life. Yes it eased my pain but the side effect were textbook for me. Nauseous, dizzy, hallucinating, felt like I was in a gyroscope when I would close my eyes. Stomach cramps beyond belief. I am sweating a cervical reconstruction surgery and this medicine did not work for me. I would rather deal with the pain than the side effects.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Have had RLS for as long as I can remember it affects my legs my arms and shoulders used to dread night time as I knew as soon as I tried to sleep the RLS would kick in tried everything including alcohol which worked for a short while nearly became an alcoholic to tell the truth Then I discovered tramadol as long as I take the tablets daily keeps RLS at bay”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Years ago I used Ultram for migraines and one day took more than 2 in a smaller period of time and had a seizure. Scariest thing ever, thankfully I had a great neurologist who knew it was this medication and I stopped immediately.  Never had another, the medicine was decent though while I had taken it and it didn’t  make me feel like I was taking a prescription pain reliever. ( if anything it has the feeling of too much caffeine)  Just be careful on dosage.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“This tramadol has been a godsend for my fibro. My doc originally prescribed this to me for bursitis in my hip. To my surprise, it helped more for my fibro symptoms. I'm 40 and have had symptoms since my late teens. My doc was surprised when I told her its helping more than anything ever has. She said it usually makes fibro worse. As I read some of the positive comments I can totally relate. It makes me not think about the pain and gives me energy and also helps with my depression sometimes. The only thing I don't like that I have noticed is around 6 hours after taking it, it makes me very drowsy and fuzzy. There are times though it keeps me awake too. Some days I only take half. Also I found that if I have to clean or work on a project I take it before I start, because I know my body and I will be hurting if I don't.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Tramadol is the only medication that addresses the burning sensation in my knees and calves -- whether caused by RLS or fibromyalgia. When I started taking Tramadol I noticed a subtle but very helpful change in my mood. SSRI and other antidepressants were not effective. After 4 years and the same 50 mg 2/x or 3/x per day prescription, I have not become addicted but I am dependent because it works really well for me.  I feel better psychologically and physically.”2019For Back Pain:		“Took tramadol for 14 years as a result of shoulder injury and ongoing issues. Worked wonders throughout time frame for moderate pain. By the end I was taking 100mg three times daily. As I entered my 50s  I believe the long term use triggered an acute mental health nightmare of anxiety. I slowly weaned myself down over  2 weeks. The physical  withdrawals were significant, particularly night sweats, intestinal complications and constant tremors. After six months of non-use  I slowly returned to “normal” and all physical symptoms of withdrawal were absent. My mental health is well one year later and under consult of psychiatry . Indeed Tramadol “took the edge off” of pain but retrospectively was also leaned upon for the opiate like feel good mentally. Shoulder pain still sucks but much better than loosing my mind  and now I am  staying well grounded. I’m stunned to hear the off script uses for depression. Maybe initially it’s all good - but there are classic opioid consequences.”2019For Depression:		“There good for pain.”2019For Back Pain:		“Taking tramadol with naproxen at the moment only been a week but feel even worse. Thought these would alleviate  the pain. No side effects either don't feel tired at all. Even been given diazepam. Nothing works.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Wish the clowns that took my pain meds away had to deal with this lack of care. I'm not able carry on the least bit of a normal life, don't make me suffer because  people  wanting get high off of opiods. I feel like a guinea pig in an experiment!”2019Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol wasn't even considered a narcotic until maybe 5 years ago. For me it dosen't do anything for pain you be better off taking aspirin.
To actually think people take this and get relief is mind boggling.
”2019For Depression:		“This is the best medicine for anxiety and depression. Fast results and no side effects, please fight so doctors prescribe this more.  They now treat depression with ketamine - a very dangerous and very illegal drug that I used to take 20 years ago at trance parties.  But they say tramadol is addictive..SSRI's are more addictive. I am an ex junkie so I know what I am talking about.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Prescribed tramadol for post chemo and other meds pain. Had OxyContin 10mg prior between treatments. Went off OxyContin no withdrawals only shaky hands two days. After being “cured” of main life threatening illness asked for no more oxy, no codiene. Given tramadol not aware was as sinister as I found. Taken 100mg twice daily for twelve months. Took myself off it five days ago. Had a full opioid withdrawal still going worst is over I hope. Hallucinations, disorientation, diarrhoea, shakes, no body temperature control, laying in foetal Position, sweats, night terrors, insomnia.... I am horrified. I would not recommend this medicine and would never want anyone to go through the last five days. I don’t know when this will finish, at least my eyes are open again and I am speaking out here, they were closed for three days. Even the most experienced patient can be unfortunate. I sure am in this case.”2019For Anxiety:		“I’ve been taking many prescriptions because I have been through many traumatic experiences. I was given tramadol for low back disc herniations. Wow! It helps with my pain, depression, anxiety as well . I’m allowed to take 100mg 3 times a day. I don’t notice the improvement until the second dose and it’s something I would have to have everyday. Drawbacks for me are constipation and insomnia.”2019For Pain:		“Fantastic for abdominal pain! Helped me after my E. coli illness. Doesn’t make you too drowsy either, but I did feel a little goofy on it.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking them for about  5 years  and they help me.”2019For Anxiety:		“Omg!! Wow! I started taking Tramadol for pain for my autoimmune condition and RA and I kept noticing that my pain was at a minimum. I USUALLY have a SEVERE case of anxiety and fatigue and probably a little depressed too. Welp, I started asking my family..."WHY DO I FEEL SO GOOD?" It is definitely a HUGE change for me but I couldn't figure out "Why".
Finally,I narrowed it down to Tramadol by not taking it for a day. I went right back to my feeling horrible self...so I took it the next day...and HOLY CRAP! My anxiety is low, I feel GOOD and I am sold! I will now gladly take this instead of suffering so badly. So thankful I realized this side effect. It has helped me so much!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have constant severe pain from familial pancreatitis. I've taken opiates for over 20 years. In the early years I was prescribed tramadol but was switched to high morphine doses but this made me feel very Ill. Over the last couple of years I've tapered my morphine use and switched back to tramadol. I've found that although it doesn't resolve the pain, a tramadol dose of 200mg per day takes the edge of the pain and makes it bearable. This dose doesn't give me side effects and has allowed me to sleep all night for the first time in years. Although not ideal it is the best opiate painkiller I've used.”2019For Anxiety:		“I previously rated Tramadol for depression (miracle) and now it time to rave about anxiety relief. I strongly believe psychiatrists are not paid to prescribe tramadol. They will tell you how addictive it is all while prescribing you psych meds with tenfold side effects.
I find the mechanism of how Tramadol works fascinating. I see  no reason to shy away from 50mg daily.
I find most people here forgetting to state how much they're taking. 
Tramadol is a game changer. It may not work for some people based on their liver enzymes (connected to ancestry and hereditary). But hey you won't know till late you tried. A miracle medication with low addiction potential if you keep it on low dose  (50mg daily in my case).”2019For Back Pain:		“Tramadol has been my prescribed medication for  back pain since 2012. I have a herniated disc.  Pain levels vary from day to day. I have found that Tramadol does what I need it to do, and that it grants me relief from the pain I experience. On rare occasions, say about once every two months, the pain overrides the medication. That puts me a little into panic mode, and to this point, my doctor has not felt the need to prescribe anything else.”2019For Pain:		“I have a rare pain disease. I’m on the highest dose of tramadol. I’ve been on this for more then five years. Since all narcotics have been used by druggies it makes it harder for people with diseases to get any help. I’m still in pain after taking it but it takes the edge off to where I can function. Which I’m happy about. They wanted to put me on fentanyl patches but my kind seem to die in their sleep on these. I’d rather live in pain and still be alive and have my wits about me..”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“I have taken Tramadol for about five years.  It has been a miracle drug for me.  After having suffered through all the symptoms of fibromyalgia, my biggest complaint was the tiredness and lack of energy.  After taking Tramadol the first time, I had a noticeable increase in energy and general well-being.  I now take 100mg 3 times a day.  Although the effects are not as noticeable as before, it still helps to increase my energy to where I am able to be more productive.  One 7.5mg Norco and two Tramadol every 4 to 6 hours have helped me get through the day.  My mom and two sisters also have this disease.  My daughter was recently diagnosed with fibromyalgia.  She is currently using the CBD oil, and so far it has been somewhat effective.  Like so many of us with this disease, I’m praying for the cure.”2019For Back Pain:		“Has transformed my life from constant pain and lack of sleep to normal! Been on Tramodol over 10 years now. The only downside is that if I forget to take it I get withdrawn- very depressed,  feel quite ill (nauseous,  clammy). But since my back pain is incurable this isn't an issue. I dread to think how I would live a normal life without the pain relief tramadol gives me.”2019For Anxiety:		“I have been taking tramadol for pain for the past two months. In the past I have struggled with anxiety and depression , but since I've been taking tramadol, I've felt great. It really takes the edge off, and I would rather take tramadol than all the other meds rather I've been prescribed before for anxiety. I have no side effects with tramadol, and I'm worried about what I'm going to do when I run out.”2019For Back Pain:		“I had a serious acute back pain (herniated disc), much worse than I had ever had before. I received a mix of various medicines, including tramadol and ketoprofen. In the end the pain was gone, but it's very hard to pinpoint which was the most effective. Tramadol for sure helped, but I could finally get off the bed after I received an additional dose of ketoprofen. So it is most likely effective, but does not provide instant relief.”2019For Pain:		“Just doesn't work”2019For Depression:		“I have suffered with Depression for 25 yrs and have tried every medication that has been made! They all either didn't work or had horrible side effects not making it worth taking.  I was prescribed Tramadol for chronic headaches and it has changed my life as it got rid of my depression .  I take it about an hour before I get up.  I get up wanting to live my life and be around people! I have lost 20lbs because I want to do things and exercise.  I eat healthy now and have this incredible drive for life!  It has saved my life and my marriage.  I have recently moved and have to find a new doctor and I am petrified that I won't be able to get my prescription.  ”2019For Depression:		“Taken for pain, helped dramatically with depression.”2019For Back Pain:		“For me it was not good  for severe back pain or spinal stenosis involving neurogenic sequalae. Tylenol 500+ one Ibuprofen 200mg provides more relief.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I remember my grandma getting up in the middle of night and wrap my legs with warm damp diapers with alcohol, because of my crying my legs hurt. To this day 80 years old, that was the beginning of my RLS. While going to school my mom gave me aspirins, that helped. I finished school, college  got married had 5 children and continue my journey with RLS. 65 yr I had thrombosis in one leg. Had Heart Bypass, finally diagnosed RLS. I am a certificated teacher. I was given a referral to see neurologist, diagnose RLS. He prescribed Tramadol one a day for sleep. 15yr ago. It was for me a miracle. He said he prescribed Tramadol for his dad when he was 68 yrs old and had  arthritis in his neck, his dad died 92 years old. I retired at 74 yr old. Now this new doc, does not want prescribe Tramadol It had saved my life, and has given me the pleasure of restful nights. It does not make me high it makes me feel normal! I have an old dog with arthritis and the vet says he can have Tramadol but, no Aspirin,”2019For Pain:		“Have been prescribed this drug several times and it did nothing. Went back to the doctor and he said you are better off taking an aspirin but with your pain level you need Percocet 10/325. All I needed was 1 every 6 hours and the pain was gone. Ultram/tramadol are garbage.”2019For Pain:		“I had a knee replacement and was Tramadol 50mg  for post op pain.
The most worthless pain medicine in 50 years, 2 Tylenol 500mg is better. I have had 5 nurses, a dozen PT rep, a PA and at least 25 friends that have had some type of surgery refer that Tramodol is the worst pain medicine that has ever been given them.
”2019For Pain:		“My doctor prescribed Tramadol for my endometriosis pain. Typically I use NSAIDs, but they've damaged the lining of my stomach, so while I'm waiting for that to heal, Tramadol is my painkiller. Overall I have found it effective at decreasing pain levels, often to the point where I don't feel any pain at all. It's also fairly fast-acting, usually feel a difference between 30-60 minutes. However, I have also experienced blurred vision, brain fog, headache, severe sedation, slurred speech, nausea, and fainting while using this drug. (This last seems to settle if I eat something.) On the plus side, there's no itchiness, which I usually experience while taking a narcotic.”2019For Depression:		“I have taken tramadol off and on for 3 years for hip bursitis and I also have suffered from depression for the last 30 years.  When I take it I feel any signs of depression lift...I feel motivation to engage in life, my mind feels clear, and I have more energy.  I recently had an honest conversation with my psychiatrist about using low dose tramadol for depression.  I've tried a dozen different antidepressants with ton of side effects and hardly any good long lasting results.  I don't feel any side effects from the tramadol and 50 mg can last me all day.  I do notice when it wears off but I don't mind as I've had a good 8 hours feeling normal, not high.  I am hopeful now. I've been able to just stop it without side effects when needed to so far...its such a low dose but does wonders.”2019For Anxiety:		“Again another med that has been deemed bad, at a very hard time in my life after loosing the love of my life. I tried a lot of medicines and one tramadol a day works better than anything for both the depression and anxiety that has followed from my circumstance. No side effects”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I had to chuckle when I read that Tramadol was used for RLS! I have had RLS since childhood. Was given Tramadol for pain after knee replacement surgery. In reading up on the Tramadol, I saw that it was used for RLS also. It didn’t do a thing for my RLS! I have read in other articles, that RLS may be the only observed symptom for some people with adult ADHD. Of course the other symptoms are there, but the person may not be aware of them. I have had the ADHD diagnosis for many years......just had never realized that RLS could be part of it! My doctor has prescribed a very low dose of Adderall  to use for  nighttime ADHD problems.......RLS being one of them. I have also found that drinking a cup of coffee helps with the RLS. I know this sound weird, but it helps!”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol seems to be the only medication so far that helps with my fibro pain. I do get side effects (feeling "dopey", difficulties concentrating and difficulties with sleeping), but through trial and error I have worked out that a daily dose of 50 mg taken in the evening (often combined with paracetamol) works reasonably well and keeps side effects to a minimum. When I have a serious flare, I go up to 3 x 50 mg per day, but then I cannot work as I  feel  too stoned. 
I am reluctant to take it permanently due to the risk of dependency, but for the moment, I am just glad that it is exists. I do not want to take duloxetine due to the common withdrawal problems and problematic long-term effects, and unfortunately, I cannot tolerate pregabalin; I will try amitriptyline soon. Lidocaine patches seem to help only with superficial pain.
I find alternative treatments (supplements, TENS, acupuncture, massages, yoga and mindfulness) helpful, but they are just not effective enough.”2019For Depression:		“I placed a post earlier on 2019-07-10 under the name Jerry saying -- I was a 65 year old male that takes Tramadol intermittently to reduce depression. the problem is that when I do take days off -- I am extremely depressed 3 times as much. So you have to be very careful of this medication.”2019For Depression:		“After 45 years of having depression, I have realized that tramadol takes away the symptoms of depression better than antidepressants.

 I consider myself an expert in depression because I’ve survived this long and I’m still alive.  No psychologist or psychiatrist in the world that knows this illness better than a person who’s had it all their lives. 

Reading the comments here it’s very sad to me that the organisation has so little concern for the welfare of the people who need this drug that they have demonized it and put it in the same category as heroin. 

If you are taking 50 mg a day of tramadol you can quit immediately. It is such a low dose that it’s sold in many countries (like Mexico) over the counter.

 Not only is our healthcare too expensive, we can’t even get treated with drugs that work. I hope doctors in America start to listen to their patients and read the testimonies here instead of what is dictated as real. It’s infuriating.”2019For Anxiety:		“Tramadol helped me in all my anxiety symptoms.
I wanted to commit suicide on two different occasions, so I took tramadol to help with the pain but as soon as it gets effective in my body... I gave up on the suicide thoughts.
Then, there was a time it got expensive to get and I couldn't get it
I had suicide thoughts, and actually tried to,
I ended up in the hospital
I always looked back and wondered why I got so low but now  I realized it was the tramadol that worked its miracle on my moods and when I was without it I sunk into suicidal thoughts”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“Severe whole body pain coupled with osteoarthritis.  Cannot take NSAIDS!  Percocet stopped working.  Won’t use Schedule 4 drugs due to no driving, no gun permit and terrible stigma. Tramadol never even worked for my dog!”2019For Depression:		“I've had depression and anxiety for about 14 years now. I can't even count how many antidepressants and other meds I tried without any results at all. I even spent so much money on ketamine therapy without any benefits. Only tramadol has ever worked for not only my anxiety and depression but to my surprise, it has helped my ADHD. Unfortunately, thanks to the government, the doctors would rather let you die than give you a prescription for tramadol.”2019For Anxiety:		“The fact of the matter is this Tramadol is a wonder drug 
these so called drugs that are supposed to help you with your mental health are not cutting it. I'm a ex heroin addict in recovery and had a back surgery been on all kind of drugs for my mental health.
Work with my psychiatrist on my head and have not found anything that helps like this.
I'm aware that I could get a habit on this but so far so 
good if you are a open book with everyone around you and keep it real this a very beneficial drug 
This drug should be giving to help people in many ways .
Thank you”2019For Depression:		“good for very intermittant use -- be careful extremely addicting”2019For Pain:		“Hurt my back, got prescribed this tramadol by a doc, today. This drug is not effective for me, it is way less effective than Norco or Vicodin that I was prescribed previously for kidney stones. I still feel really bad, and unlike Tylenol or Advil now I can't drive. What a waste. I would not take them even if they were free.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have scoliosis and take one pill a day anywhere from 0-5 times a week depending on my pain which comes and goes erratically but makes me almost cry when it’s bad.  I’m currently waiting for a doctor appointment so I can start physical therapy again. However, in the meantime tramadol is the only thing getting me through this rough patch.  

 Fortunately, I find no real side effects other than relief of my general anxiety and I have absolutely no problems when I don’t take it. From reading these  reviews it sounds like I’m one of the lucky ones.

I’m blessed to have found this medication so I can work and be a good wife and mom.”2019For Pain:		“Was prescribed this drug tramadol for my endometriosis pain and as result (side effect) I ended on A&E with a massive seizure.
Was prescribed 50 mg every 4 hours and on my 4th dose I started to twitch and jerk. 
Wake at hospital with a massive bite on my tongue was the worst experience I ever had with a medication.
Regarding to pain relief - I got NO relief -NONE.
So wouldn't recommend this as now after read this page I found out seizures are quite common while using Tramadol.”2019For Depression:		“I suffer from MDD and have taken about 7 different antidepressants which have been, for the most part, ineffective. On the 4 or 5 occasions I have taken tramadol, it has has noticeable effects on my mood. Tramadol doesn't make me drowsy and has powerful antidepressant effects. I feel better for days after a single dose of Tramadol, in which I feel I have more energy, less anxiety and feel oddly clearheaded. I know this drug is not typically indicated for depression or anxiety, but it seems to crush both in one go, at least for me anyways.”2019For Depression:		“I was gonna respond to the people saying Tram is a life saver. Well , it can be, but be cautious because it will be the hardest drug you have ever tried to quit. From 8 years of experience. I take 400 mg a day. I have 2 bad vertebrae , stenosis, degenerative disc. Nerve compression .  Tram was prescribed for the pain. But it took only a week for me to know something was different After years of Anxiety, depression. Suicidal thoughts. It all ended by the end of that week. There is no other medicine made to do what Tram does. None. Effexor comes the closest. But Tram blows it out of the water. Tram never makes you have that high spacey feeling, just a relief from the panic, depressed. I don’t ever plan on quitting. Like I said earlier, you better plan on being on Tram for the long haul, because their is no going back, once you start. Your depression and Anxiety, pain will be unbearable. So please use caution and count the cost of taking Tram. It is a life saver. Until you go off of it.”2019For Depression:		“Peripheral  Neuropathy slowly but surely stole my mobility. With that came a loss of social contact, and a depression that I had never experienced before. I tried therapy, B12, exercise, health foods and supplements. Still I woke up everyday with the same goals and hopes as always, but a body that was fading. Maybe Tramadol does not bring back mobility. But the energy level increase and the relief from sadness works like nothing else. My neurologist approves....She has seen me function with and without it. I am grateful she prescribes for me to have some quality of life. I know some physicians won't.”2019For Depression:		“I have battled with depression, anxiety and bipolar.  I have tried several medications. Some worked for a while then hit a ceiling.  Then would switch.  After doing research looking for an answer, I read about Tramadol, as I had seen people talking positive about it.  I was a little concerned since it is in the Opioid family, but was desperate to find the answer.  I have been taking Tramadol 50MG for about a year and a half and along with an anti depressant it absolutely enhances my mood and lifts my depression. Have not had any problem taking break when I feel I need to. Like someone has stated if it helps to make your life better , and it has limited downside then take it”2019For Depression:		“I was diagnosed with diabetic neuropathy.  I am now 53. The numbness in my legs stopped me from driving. I grew more isolated. My doctor prescribed painkillers, antidepressants, but I kept going down. Then I fell, tore my ACL and was given tramadol. Yes, it helped pain. But for the first time in nine years I was not depressed! Occasionally happy? I thought what is causing this?. Long story short, it was the tramadol working as an antidepressant. It has given me quality of life. And the dependency issues? If dependency means I can experience JOY again, using same daily amount, so be it. It should not be so difficult for doctors to prescribe.”2019For Obsessive Compulsive Disorder:		“THE BEST DRUG IN THE WORLD.    I've been sober for 18 years. I was having major issues with unwanted thoughts and an inability to concentrate.   One day I got a tooth ache and I was prescribed tramadol. IMMEDIATELY MY MIND WAS STABLE. I COULD CONCENTRATE AND EVERYTHING. So I called a Psychiatrist I knew from my younger days and told him about this.  I also told him about studies performed proving how wonderful tramadol reacts to OCD. "Rapid reduction in OCD symptoms...."
  He put me on it, now I feel great. Like has been 100% better since 2013 when i started.   

The only downside is if you don't have it and have to stop suddenly you get deathly ill. Its horrible. But Psichiatrists cannot just cut you off cold turkey.  The purpose of Tramadol CANNOT BE to get a buzz.  Thanks”2019Tramal SR (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have had severe chronic pain from a neck injury about 6 years ago which required me to have multilevel anterior and posterior cervical fusions.
I have been taking 500mg of Tramal SR daily for the last  5 years and I can say this drug has saved my life.
Some evenings I forget to take the 250mg dose ( I take 250mg in morning and 250mg in evening) and the next morning I feel terrible and cannot get out of bed. I immediately take my Tramal on waking and it takes about 2 - 3 hours for the drug to kick in before I can even get out of bed and perform basic functions.
The good thing about Tramal is that it gives me no side affects whatsoever which is amazing.”2019For Depression:		“I got prescribed Tramadol for Back pain. I have been taking one 50mg pill a day and have seen such an enhancement in my mood. I’ve never wanted to take “antidepressants or anxiety” meds, because I didn’t want it to change my personality or make me a zombie. However, I really enjoy being on Tramadol, it makes my job in retail not such a drag. I don’t have my normal mood swings, and by then end of the night I sleep great! I am afraid to tell my doctor as well that it helped me in that aspect because I don’t want her to think I'm using it as a “high.” But I genuinely love this medication.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“It’s very effective for burning pain, helps to reduce around 70-80% of the intensity of the pain. Just use as needed. No major side effects.”2019For Back Pain:		“I have an ovarian cyst that is compressing my sciatic nerve and causing severe, constant back, hip,knee pain. Doctors keep prescribing me tramadol even though it doesn't work. I hate the new push for this medication because it doesn't work well, but drs are it as an alternative to the opioid epidemic. At least percocet helped. Tramadol is addictive and doesn't do anything. Thanks drs...”2019For Pain:		“Have acute tonsillitis and am in moderate to severe pain (depending on the time of day.) Was prescribed Tramadol after telling my doc that OTC pain meds weren’t cutting it.

It made me feel semi stoned/sleepy, but did NOTHING in terms of pain relief. Literally taking  Tylenol  is more effective. If a doc offers this prescription, ask for an alternative. It simply does not work.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol has worked very well with Neuropathy and Fibromyalgia My problem is when I switched Pharmacies the new to me Mylan brand I get from Albertson's is nowhere near as strong as the brand I got from Rite-Aid. The Mylan ones are about 30-40% smaller and do NOT relieve the pain nearly enough. I think I'd have to DOUBLE the 100 mg every 8 hrs.. Albertson's will be hearing from me....”2019For Depression:		“I’ve been depressed a good part of life and as I get older the more depressed I seem to get. I’m on two different antidepressants Wellbutrin and Effexor. About 5 years ago I admitted myself in the hospital for depression. While I was there they put me on Tramodal for depression which I always thought was for pain. My physician recently stopped prescribing me Tramadol and since then I’m spiralling out of control. I have to obtain illegally because my physician doesn’t believe it’s for depression. If I go two days without I slump into a deep depression and I don’t care about nothing. Tramadol helps me focus and gives me purpose to be alive. It’s not a high like you get with OxyContin it’s a mellow way to cope with daily living. Some how or another I need to convince my physician to start prescribing them to me”2019For Depression:		“Originally prescribed as a replacement for hydrocodone for headaches, I quickly concluded it lifted me out of a years-long funk most people would call depression. Honestly, this little 50mg tramaol saved my job, and consequently my home life. All the sudden I had the motivation to function as a normal person and not a sleepy-eyed slug trudging through life in a difficult nights job; I take one 50 a day for shift disorder. Now, though, despite taking it less frequently than prescribed (6 weeks to go through a month supply), I think my doctor is about to stop prescribing it. So I'm likely looking for an alternative.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking tramadol for years (arthritis, all over, spine, etc.) but doesn't work as good as it used to. Have to take 2/3 to get relief but I am  still good with it. Anyone having constipation issues should take a swig of mineral oil every day! It works wonders! It has no taste and pills didn't help me.”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“First, to reviewers who are telling others to not take Tramadol for RLS, each person's reaction to drugs is different, so please stop.  I, too, have discovered that Tramadol stops my RLS symptoms.  I have the genetically caused version and have struggled off and on my whole life.  I did catch a break from my teens to late 20s, but it came back and grew worse.  I also have osteoarthritis in my knees and it seems when that hurts and/or my legs get cold, the RLS kicks up, but it is not limited to these triggers.  I was given Tramadol after knee surgery and I discovered it relieved my RLS. (I also discovered it helps ease/stop my chronic neuropathic cough.) On Requip & Mirapex, I keep suffering from augmentation over time and it spreads to my torso, arms and even my face and happens during the day at work.  Tramadol makes it stop so that I can work once it kicks in. With the crackdown on opiates, I am terrified my dr won't renew my rx each time I go in for it. What do I do then?”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“This Ultram medication is a joke. I was given this post op gallbladder removal and it was no better than Tylenol.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“This Tramadol medication is garbage. I might as well be taking Pez sweets”2019For Pain:		“Was prescribed 50MG of Tramadol JCL by a chiropractor for shoulder pain. I take it 1x a day for pain. So far I've taken, cumulatively, around 15. Not only is it completely ineffective for that pain, but, I now have extreme, frequent pain in my back, chest and ribs. I was not told the negative side effects of this narcotic. I was not warned and I should have been.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I am prescribed Tramadol 50 mg every 4 hours for severe, chronic pain from fibromyalgia, CFS and osteoarthritis, degenerative disc disease. It has worked wonderfully well thus far (1 week). Other than mild constipation I’ve had no side effects. My activity level is much greater now and I am enjoying life again. I hope it continues to provide this relief.”2019For Pain:		“Worst possible drug for migraine pain. Did not do much for the pain, worsened the nausea and jacked me up. I could not sleep, was twitching and I am sure if I continued taking pills I would have had a seizure. I generally don’t do well with antidepressant drugs.”2019For Depression:		“This wonder drug appears to have some big fans! 
I don't have too much to add, just a few things:
Dependancy level: I think about  dependant as coffee in my opinion. I usually take one 50mg pill a day (which seems a fairly common dose for you commenters, with no craving for more then that)- I think I've been a self medicating kind of guy for most of my life for mild to moderate depression, alcohol mostly. Most mornings with a mild hangover and the depression that came with it. Until I started taking Tramadol for a neck injury that is. Amazing first aid for a hang over and the blues! This fact has been an enabler for drinking too much, but lately I'm using Tramadol to quit drinking and with good results. Sleep super well and wake feeling great!”2019For Back Pain:		“Tramadol doesn't work for pain. Even with tylenol3 for back up pain. It just doesn't work.”2019“I have been suffering from sciatica to the point that I can not walk and tramadol does nothing for my pain.  The pain goes from my lower back, past my butt and all the way down to my foot.  This medication is not effective for this type of pain.”2019For Pain:		“Tramadol did nothing for upper arm pain caused by sprained muscle. Didn't do any thing for foot neuropathy pain either. Totally useless in my opinion.”2019For Pain:		“Took this medicine for extreme tooth pain, advil did more for the pain than this stuff. Also my body, mostly my legs were shaking uncontrollably and violently. I’ve never had a reaction to medicine before and this one was certainly a scary one.”2019For Depression:		“I have always suffered with depression and was using antidepressants which helped somewhat then I ended up with back pain and was prescribed tramadol which has helped me a lot. Lost my husband last year and at times just cannot be bothered with life but if I take tramadol it improves my mood and I get on with my life. It has made a big difference. I want to give it up because I get constipated which I think is a side effect but there are things I can take like fruit and high fibre to get rid of that problem. Every time I try to give it up I get so down that I have decided at the age of 72 why not continue taking it and enjoy life the best I can. I take 50mg in the morning and evening and half at lunch time every day. I still take an antidepressant with it. My dr told me if the pills work thats what it is all about feeling better.”2019Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have CIDP [chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy]  in my hands with the myelin sheath around the nerves in my finger tips destroyed (nerves are exposed).  I also have sensory Neuronopathy with chronic pain in the front of my thighs and lower legs.  So yes I'm in a lot of pain.

I take Tramadol ER 200mg in the morning and Tramadol 50mg approximately 8 hours later, depending on how much I use my hands and fingers the first 8 hours of my waking hours.

Tramadol in both doses works to allowed me to do much more with my hands and fingers while clearly improving my way of life.  Neither dose takes the pain away completely but certainly helps makes life bearable.

Only side affect I have is constipation which I resolve with a stool softener.”2019For Pain:		“I took tramadol after dental surgery and it did nothing for pain so after two doses I stopped taking it.”2019For Anxiety:		“Similar to others here, I was prescribed Tramadol for back pain. It's decent for that, but really helps with my mood. My tablets are 50 mg which I cut into quarters.  I'll take one or possibly two of those quarters and it helps a lot. Try it, you might do fine by doing the same and it will extend your supply. The only side effect for me is difficulty reaching climax, so I try to limit how much I take.”2019For Pain:		“I had no effect with tramadol for pain,  to me its about the same as taking ibuprofen.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol was promised to make me feel like a whole new person. After calling doctors office back to explain the it was of zero value.  I was told to just double the does, it never  helped. Tramadol  definitely made my anxiety worse and I was more agitated all around and now am still  agitated and in just as much pain, still need back surgery, no doctor will even help me live a happier, healthier and in less pain life. I do physically therapy and have for years. I work full time do my best to get by with with as best I can. I would never recommended this medication to anyone who lives in constant pain. If you suffer from anxiety as I do, I wouldn't recommend this medication either, it makes me jittery.”2019For Back Pain:		“NO EFFICACY FOR PAIN, GIVES HEADACHES,  BODY FEELS WEIRD, I 
believe batches are different somehow but none good.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“I was prescribed tramadol as a pain relief option for fibromyalgia.  Works nicely for mild to moderate pain, but noticed it had many other benefits.  Tramadol is the only thing I have found that helps my chronic fatigue some what,   as well as anxiety and depression, additionally I am calmer and more focused, so helps with ADD, and, there is more.  I am more creative on this medication, and  while taking it for pain  when I had a  head cold I noticed that it literally alleviates all cold symptoms!    If you take this while you have a cold when it is in your system you feel completely fine,  better than any over-the-counter decongestant I have tried in my life .  And all this is on a very low-dose, most days I take 75 mg total.”2019Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have  basilar migraines for 20 years and I try all other drugs with different MD and finally the neurologist from UCSD put me on Ultram which worked for the basilar migraines and the average of pain is at the very, very lowest now”2019For Depression:		“I have had the same experience as so many in here. Took tramadol for pain originally then found it gave me quality of life and got rid of depression. My problem is getting a doctor to prescribe it.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I’ve taken narcotics for fifteen years until I decided a change and because it affected my mood and long term memory. Tramadol has allowed me to be free from the harsher pain pills but does not resolve my pain but it does help in other ways as well, I’ve never abused my prescriptions and take only what’s proscribed. The only side affects are sometimes I feel more anxious at times but it goes away. I’m very happy for this medication it works for what I wanted it to work for in alleviating some pain and allow me to be a little more mobile and it got me free from the stronger narcotic proscriptions .”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol did nothing for my pain. It could be because I've been in pain management for 15 years and taking roxicodone 30 for ten years and my body has high tolerance for pain meds. The only thing tramadol did do is make me nauseous, vomit and have extreme heartburn. No recommendations from me!”2019For Anxiety:		“Was prescribed tramadol for chronic pain which was ruining my quality of life.  It not only helps with my pain but it genuinely lifted me out of the emotional pain I was living in.  I never take more than 150 mg per day.....most days 75 mg does the trick. A two for one drug!!!! It does cause constipation though. I have been taking tramadol for 5 years. I do not feel addicted and have not increased my dosage in that time. I take less than prescribed.”2019For Back Pain:		“I tried Tramadol a few times to quell the pain in my lower back.  It did help my back just a little but still had the pain.  Every time even after the first dose I felt very nervous and dizzy and felt as though I was going to pass out. I found that some neurologist will not give it to patients. I now take Hydrocodone 5mg a day and it completely eliminates the pain. My doctor says this med has no side effects like Tramadol.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“Had a terrible reaction to this medicine. Ended up getting a major seizure while taking it and had to discontinue it & place it on my “NEVER PRESCRIBE AGAIN” list.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“Best drug for fibromyalgia.”2019For Anxiety:		“I was given Tramadol for severe cramps and it definitely helped take away the excruciating pain I was in, I learned it gave me a very peaceful feeling as well, so when I had severe panic attacks, almost to the point of throwing up, I began to use it for that and it has helped me tremendously. I feel so much more relaxed and my anxiety is gone. I will say it does make you tired but hard to sleep (at least for me)”2019For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed a course of Tramadol 50mg for severe back pain and became violently ill.  I had been prescribed Tramadol once before and had no problems but this time after taking just two tablets 4 hrs. apart, I experienced extreme vomiting and diarrhea with profuse sweating.   It took me a week to get over it.  I thought perhaps I had the flu and tried taking the Tramadol again, once I was better,  but became ill once again.  The vomiting and diarrhea stopped after the first day but the nausea and profuse sweating continued for another 5 days.  It was TEVA brand.”2019For Pain:		“Last year I had a total knee replacement, it has been a great success but I was sent home the day after with tramadol and cocodamol . The tramadol provides absolutely no pain relief it has no effect on me at all . The cocodamol helped a bit and could tell the difference about 20 minutes after taking them but tramadol did nothing for me and I was in extreme pain for about 2 weeks after surgery. I have a high pain threshold but my body went into spasm with the pain and shook violently. I had tramadol for a tooth infection once and it did nothing for the pain either. Is it possible that I have a resistance to tramadol.”2019For Anxiety:		“I have maybe the worst anxiety in the world and I have used thousands of medicines for my anxiety and my panic attacks. I don’t know how but Tramadol works perfectly for my anxiety. Even more effective than Xanax ... omg”2019Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“It has always good for me not too strong”2019For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Took tramadol for my back pain, but worked better for my restless leg syndrome.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I'm an athlete who has several injuries as well as degenerative changes, I've been on Tramadol 50mg, 4x a day for several years. It works really well for me. Side effects are minimal, or at least I don't notice them. Hydrocodone constipated me terribly, but Tramadol doesn't at all. Lately, I am troubled immensely by hip pain and Tramadol isn't as effective for this. I've been complementing it with Ibuprofen  (six 250mg tablets per day) and that combination works really well. Like many on this site, I'm frustrated with the new laws surrounding opiates for those of us who are responsible and take only the recommended doses, and have been for many years. It's really a challenge to get prescriptions filled, to travel state to state without first making sure I get my prescription filled so I won't run out while away. Stressful! Don't know what the answer is, but the government needs to get out of the middle of the patient/doctor relationship!!”2019For Depression:		“I have depression 
my doctor 
gave me antidepressants ,
It didn’t work 
Got sick of it ,
Went to my cupboard to get panadeine (paracetamol with codeine) forte to knock a headache  out so I can rest ,
Depression was getting to me ,
While looking for it,
I saw an old carton of tramadol ,
It was for my sister in-law for her tooth pain 2 years back ,
So I took that instead ,
And guess what ,
I felt like never before,
Even when I never had depression ,
I wasn’t sure it was from tramadol 
I remember walking and saying to myself ,
the depression is  going 
I was happy 
Then later I started feeling the depression back it was thesame ,
Strange ,
I was curious-  was it tramadol? ,
Mmmmm 
So I took another 50 mg 
Wow 
Felt great 
Slow release 
It took around and hour to feel it 
But went full day 
It works 
Control is key 
I want to live happy 
Regardless what I read 
It worked for me 
Better addicted and happy 
Than not addicted and miserable 
Words I told the doctor 
I’m still no more than 50 mg sometimes 25 mg low dose 
4 times a Week”2019For Back Pain:		“My doctor prescribed Tramadol as a last resort for  my lower back pain  that had become unbearable while sleeping and it worked like a charm.  Then, my doctor wanted me to try Cymbalta.  That worked even better as it essentially eliminated my pain 24/7.  Coming off Tramadol has been a different story.  Many sleepless nights and restless leg syndrome for about a week.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“For me, Ultram (Tramadol), combined with Neurontin (Gabapentin), and Elavil (Amitriptyline) work wonders for my fibromyalgia. Take away any one of these and my quality of life plummets downward. I have a multitude of symptoms. These are life saving drugs for me. Without them, I have so much more acute and widespread lingering pain, numbness, creepy crawlies, itching, fatigue, and depression, that I need motility assistance (arm cuff crutches) and get little sleep from my symptoms keeping me awake. Unfortunately, the individuals who have abused these life saving drugs along with the government blanketing all with the potential abuse of these drugs have caused so many to suffer at great costs. My insurance company has recently decided that I do not have enough diagnostic criteria to warrant paying for Tramadol. It is not an expensive drug, so I am able to pay for it out-of-pocket...at least for now, anyway.”2019For Pain:		“I'm in my mid-70s, and was given tramadol because I can't take ibuprofen (kidney issues) for my arthritis. It doesn't do anything for inflammation, but as a pain medicine it's a lifesaver (I can supplement the tramadol with sour cherry juice for help with the inflammation). I take 2 (50mg) pills before skiing, 2 pills before hiking, 1 before biking, and 1-2 pills before any other strenuous activity. I've never had an issue with dependence, and if I've had any side effects, they have been minor. It worries me that tramadol is getting a bad reputation, because it is by far the best pain medicine I have ever used, and I don't want it to become impossible to get in the US (think quinine).”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have severe degenerative disc disease in my back, I have chronic pain all over and I will take half of a 50 mg tramadol when I cannot stand the pain any longer!
It helps me sleep for a couple of hours and then I wake up with a horrible headache!
My body feels like every nerve ending is thumping and I have a migraine!
I don't know if it's worth trading out those symptoms for getting rid of back pain for a short time!”2019For Pain:		“I was given one 50mg does at the emergency room for severe back pain.  Helped very little but I was discharged 3 hrs, later started to vomit and passed  out  in the car as my daughter was driving me home.  She called 911 and we returned to the ER.  I will never take it again.  It was so scary for both of us.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I've been used to defending tramadol when I see negative critiques in the press, no longer.  I have long term pain from imperfect lumbar stenosis surgery, and used it so as to get some sleep.  At first wonderful after a couple of months not so wonderful.  Now, 2 to 3 years down the road, I stopped cold turkey.  Its very common side effect is constipation, as with other opioids.  A few weeks back this problem suddenly escalated from manageable to horrible.  I got a UTI, which I attribute to the overall sluggishness of my system under tramadol.  Bloody awful.  I stopped tramadol immediately.  Now I discover from the net that the commonest long term withdrawal problem is chronic constipation, too.  I've also discovered it made no difference to my pain i.e. it had stopped working. Feel relieved to have got over my fear of stopping this stuff.  Getting better.  Currently sleeping with NSAID's and a hot water bottle.  Thank you, god, for rubber!”2019For Pain:		“Worked good for pain but caused lots of nausea and blurry vision.”2019For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been quite newly diagnosed (in my first year) and I have had quite a few medication changes just to get me relief. I had previously had to have Tramadol due to a shoulder injury I sustained 9 years ago, and it was used for 18 months until I found out I was having my oldest son and then I came off it. 
It worked for the first fortnight this time around, I could rest if I needed and actually sleep without too much pain, I felt like after several relapses that I found the key to trying to maintain my usual lifestyle as much as I could - for the sake of my children needing a "fun" mommy and for myself to just feel a bit better about the whole of my life flipping upside down. 
But now it won't even move a minor headache.
I am getting no relief at all, the pain can vary from stabbing to burning to twinges, all minor and severe on the pain spectrum and it does nothing. 
Hoping there's something out there to make me feel "normal" again.”2019For Depression:		“Tramadol is life changing for me, all of my depression, and social anxiety vanishes and I want to talk to people, get out of bed, do things and enjoy life.   I am 300 lb. I take 50 mg just to stop the worst feelings, 100 mg to be active and totally free of anxiety and depression. The effects last for a full day, and sometimes into the next day. 

I never take more than a dose a week, so I am often sleepy the next day, but I can get through that easily with caffeine. 

I don’t know how to get it prescribed. Doctors just don’t care that it has been transformative. It doesn’t seem fair. 

I have a small supply obtained illegally. I take them only when I absolutely can’t face life as myself any more. 

I avoid feeling the effects while working. (Even though effects are mild, I don’t want anything to affect my job performance), so I only allow myself relief one day a week or less. 

Other SSRIs have not helped me much. They just make me not care about anything.”2019For Back Pain:		“I suffer with a degenerative spine disease and the pain is worst at night so I take a tramodol before I go to sleep, it works  and I sleep throughout the whole night. If I don't take one before bed I really suffer with the pain in the night and don't sleep, or very little.”2019For Pain:		“My 92 year old great Uncle was on Tramadol for just under 30 days; 50 mg, 3X a day. He was being treated for pain after a fall that resulted in a broken shoulder. Initially at the hospital, they had him on morphine, then switched to oxycodone. These caused confusion and hallucinations so after several days of Tylenol to get the other drugs out of his system, he was put on Tramadol. He said that the pain was minimal. Then 4 days ago committed suicide.
My concern is that suicidal thoughts/tendencies is not listed as a side effect. I had to research "tramadol + suicide" to find articles and warnings from 2010. Had I known this was a real possibility, I might have been able to intervene or get help. Might have. Too late now.”2019Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Ultram ER pumps pain relief through my body for the entire day and night.  I gave up hydrocodone for this drug and I am very pleased”2019For Pain:		“I used tramadol for two days after an operation. My kidneys felt they want to collapse. Never again.”2019For Back Pain:		“After my 1st knee surgery the Dr. prescribed Tramadol for pain. After a few days I  started having severe back pain, like a knife twisting back and forth. The pain was much worse at night and could NOT sleep. We googled Tramadol and read about all the side affects and I  had several of the extreme ones. Guess I can't tolerate it? After stopping the pills, it took about a week to be able to sleep at night. The pain was worse than child birth and/or passing a kidney stone!”2019For Depression:		“Doesnt do a thing for me ,”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have had extreme shoulder joint pain. Tramadol relieves pain for 24 hours a day. Take only two 50 mg tablets. No side affects at all. Have had two shoulder operations and was about to have shoulder replacement surgery. Now hopeful that will not be an option.”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was given Tramadol for osteoarthritis and back pain from falling off a ladder. It didn’t work any better than Tylenol. I took it after a painful gynecological biopsy (they didn’t administer anesthetic.....). It didn’t work. My son was given Tramadol for joint pain and for Scoliosis. It didn’t work any better than Tylenol and he can’t have NSAIDS..... My mother was given Tramadol for pain. It never worked. She didn’t take any opioids on a regular basis either, so there goes the excuse of being hooked on any other opioid......
The stuff doesn’t work. An almost full prescription sits unused. Now that I know that it also affect Serotonin Receptors, I really won’t touch it. No wonder people get addicted. One might as well be on Antidepressants. No Bueno!”2019For Pain:		“I experienced seizure like symptoms and difficulty breathing on a small dose of this. It was very frightening, + no pain relief.”2019For Pain:		“Doesn't work at at all.  I went to the emergency room for severe tooth pain cause my dentist isn't open at 2 am. 
 Gave me useless tramadol.. 
No it doesn't work. !!!! Supposed to block pain receptors -  Nope- now I'm in more pain and 30 dollars poorer because of these incompetent people who have faith in this useless drug.”2019For Anxiety:		“I was given tramadol for migraines. I realized after a couple of days that it completely took my severe panic attacks away. I struggle with depression, panic attacks, suicidal thoughts, and ADHD. Not only am I not having any anxiety when taking tramadol, it improved my suicidal tendencies and helped me become more clear, and a more productive person. I am able to face people, leave my comfort zone, complete tasks, and socialize more. 
This drug is a miracle, and I am so thankful that I found it and that my PCP prescribes it for me. I’m hoping to God he never quits. Due to drug abusers, I’m sure it is difficult to get if your doctor does not believe in the medicine for depression and anxiety. Please conceded using for these reasons and get on board. Tramadol is saving lives.”2019For Pain:		“While getting an entire back tattoo, the artist in Thailand have me some tramadol to reduce the pain. As I had to visit him every day to get the tattoo done, so my dosage increased. After a month straight I was taking 500mg per day. Long story short, it was very hard to stop. This was years ago when the drug first came out and there wasn't any info on the Internet about it other than that the manufacturer said..... It's not addictive. Yeah, right!”2019For Pain:		“Over the past few years I have been dealing with back pain, specifically due to spinal arthritis.  There had been times when merely trying to get up out of bed was a major ordeal.  Various prescriptions were tried for inflammation and pain, but the one medication that seems to be consistently helpful is Tramadol.
What's interesting about the Tramadol is that not only is it effective with the pain, but also seems to have somewhat of a stimulating effect (for lack of a better description).  I become a bit more lively, able to carry on with a busy day, more functional.
As for side effects, constipation is a challenge, but can be managed.
Withdrawal does not seem to be as pronounced as some of the descriptions here, most notable effect is tiredness, lack of energy for a couple days if I skip the Tramadol for several days.
My best guess is that these reactions vary among individuals, but at least in my case, the benefits definitely outweigh the potential downsides of this medication.”2019Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Hey I’m Ben, a college student. I have severe scoliosis in back and need surgery kinda soon :(  My doctor prescribed me Tramadol recently due to chronic back pain. I currently take 50 mg three times a day for moderate the pain. Sometimes more. My pain still exists slightly, but my depression is KILLED by the Tramadol :) I feel energetic & motivated compared to before. I don’t seem to mind the back pain even though it’s still noticeable. Tramadol  is the ultimate pain relief combo for me. However, I experienced withdrawal symptoms which included vomiting, restless leg syndrome, tiredness, chills, & profuse sweating. Felt like a fever! Tramadol is great when you’re on it, but really hard when you stop. Only other side effect I hated was SEVERE constipation. No joke, worst of my life. In conclusion, Tramadol helped me a lot for my chronic pain, but surprisingly useful for elevating my mood. Would have highly recommended Tramadol if getting off this drug was easier!”2019For Chronic Pain:		“In October 2016 I jumped from a 3 story parking garage due to psychiatric issues. I broke my right leg, right arm, and my back. With my leg it was an open bone fracture. After fully recovering and being able to walk again, I still have chronic pain in my leg. It's always there and never goes away. It's a constant reminder that my leg is permanently damaged from the horrible decision to jump off a building. Anyway I'm prescribed 50mg tramadol every 4 hours as needed. If I take it continuously throughout the day, (for example 8am, 12pm, 4pm, 8pm) it works the best! My pain will be around a 5 or 6 on a scale of 1 to 10. It seems if I have a bit of a buildup of tramadol in my system my pain decreases to a 1 or a 0 and actually completely pain free. And that's just from taking the 50mg dose, nothing higher than that. This is excellent for me since other OTC pain relievers like Tylenol and Aspirin do nothing for me. I seriously recommend this drug for chronic pain.”2019For Pain:		“Cancer 5 years ago and Chemotherapy cocktail included Vincristine. It permanently damaged the nerves in my extremities and caused me to have Neuropathy ( Diabetics get it ). Pain is 24/7 just varying degrees. 
Tramadol 50, 1 tab 4 times daily helps but not completely. 
My wife had a tooth extraction recently and they gave her Norco. I tried one and was zonked out. No such side effects with Tramadol. Not panacea but better than toughing it alone.”2019For Pain:		“I have  Severe digestive disorder Celiac Disease with IBS. Tramadol was a miracle drug for me. My stomach was always inflamed. Food would just go straight through me. Tramadol slowed the digestive tract down. Food then stayed in my system long enough for nutrients to absorb. My eyes regained their spark. I was no longer exhausted. I could work long hours at a time. It also helped irritable bladder, irritable bowel syndrome (removes intestinal burning), panic attacks, + tooth pain. I have used this drug for about 10 yrs. Doctors just added Lyrica + Ropinitole to help with fibromyalgia nerve pain. Tramadol seems to remove pain only from certain areas of the body. I take Excedrin for migraine headaches”2019For Chronic Pain:		“8 years ago I began having lower back pain. Didn't have insurance so toughed it out on OTC meds. Fast forward 3 years, had insurance and started a journey of trying to get a handle on pain relief. I was on Oxycontin,  Percocet,  Fentanyl patches, then Morphine ER. While they all helped to a degree and allowed me to function, I could always feel the underlying pain. Then I was laid off, lost insurance, and used up savings trying to pay for scripts. Stopped all meds, withdrawal was a dirty dog to deal with and I had to deal with the pain best I could. Moved to a new state, have insurance again, Dr. here has started me on Tramadol HCL 50 mgs 4 times a day. Took my first doses today and was shocked to find that I had nearly complete pain relief, I could function at my job, and I was in a happy mood vs. a pain mood.  I have had a better result with Tramadol today than all those other "Hard" drugs. Tomorrow is a new day and hopefully I find that the Tramadol works just like it did today.”2019For Pain:		“I was prescribed ultram due to its dual mechanism to help with persistent joint pain and nerve pain.  It is activating, so night time use can be problematic.
Long term use:
Dependency is something to consider and you need to taper off it extremely slow, reducing the tablets as necessary.  Takes months for some.
Missed doses is also an issue, do not miss a dose as you may go through withdrawal symptoms.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“I have severe pain issues with RA, OA and spinal canal narrowing from the base of my skull to my lumbar region. I've been taking this for 6 years. I am awakened every single night from pain, and I must get up and go take my next dose, wait for the pain to dull enough that I can lay back down. It's exhausting. I was given percoset for kidney stones and actually felt normal for the week I had them,  then it was back to the tramadol, 2 tabs, 4 times a day routine with constant exhaustion and pain spikes. Dr won't switch me to something better, the whole addictive speech. Problem is, my condition will never get better, but only worse.”2019Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I was referred to a ‘pain clinic’ for extreme low back/sciatica pain.  I have had hydrocodone for years which I have always used sparingly.  (Due to Florida restrictions on opioids my family doctor was hesitant to give me a narcotic prescription as in the past.)

I was prescribed 50mg (2) every 4 hours.
I would rate this medicine as 0 for severe pain.  I turned to Extra Strength Aleve which worked better but only slightly diminished my pain.  
For me Tramadol is useless.”2019For Chronic Pain:		“My experience after having tried a handful of meds, was that tramadol was my best option.   The negative effects were quite apparent for me, and having experience with the other pain meds - I can attest that tramadol is more addictive than hydrocodone, morphine, and oxycodone. Which makes this drug a hard drug to get off.  If I miss or don't take a dose one day, I will feel bad for the entire day.

Tramadol for the most part has helped me live a normal life and obtain a measurably quality of life.

However there are some notable side effects that also need to be managed and assessed for the long term.   For instance, tramadol does "dull" out my emotional state, also it can decrease sexual drive/performance if your guy (so odd since I had no issues like that on other meds), bowel issues (which one will need to manage with which is normal), and there was a period where tramadol was making me sweat A LOT.”2019