For Chronic Pain:		“I have sciatica nerve damage my pain is very horrible it only helps a little”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been suffering with fibromyalgia for years. Tramadol was prescribed to me for another short term condition.  Since it was short term I had plenty left. One achy day I used tramadol in fear of stomach bleeding by combining ibuprofen and celexa. That’s when I learned tramadol not only relieves the aches and pains of fibromyalgia but also relived the fatigue. Pain relief also seemed to last much longer than ibuprofen. Of course I asked my doctor to prescribe it to me for fibromyalgia and I could tell she was hesitant but went ahead anyway. I had to switch doctors and of course this doctor refused to give it to me so I’m back to laying in bed and missing a lot of work due to the aches and fatigue. For me this medicine was a miracle drug. I’d suggest it to anyone suffering with fibromyalgia.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on several meds for pain, to include hydrocodone, patches ect. I wanted off all of it. I felt like a zombie. I went  on the ER version of Tramadol 300mg and it changed my life. I am alert, awake, I can function and my mood has improved. I am off of everything except this medication. Give it a try, if its offered. It really does make a difference.”2018For Depression:		“My family has a history of depression. I also have back issues. I took my first dose of 50 mg tramadol tablets. I was so shocked to realize it did little for my back pain but my mood was altered for the better. It helped my depressive issues almost immediately. I was shocked to say the least but also very relieved to fine my spirits lifted without feeling sedated at all. It is amazing.”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“I have a complex history of autoimmune problems and fibromyalgia.  I had tried multiple different medications including NSAIDs, tricyclics, SSRIs, lyrica, and cymbalta.  What worked best for years was low dose oxycontin 5-10mg twice a day. My doctor suggested long-acting tramadol, because she knew I was worried about the anti-oxycontin push by government agencies and misinformed doctors and worried oxycontin would be made illegal ( other schedule II narcotics like fentanyl and methadone made me too tired to function). Tramadol worked even better than oxycontin. Both agents caused constipation, Ultram at 300mg a day  caused  twice as much ( based on how many senna pills I needs to take).  Both agents caused insomnia, tramadol caused more ( I needed 5mg ambien to sleep with low dose  oxycontin but I need 10 mg with tramadol 300mg long acting).   Now I am told there is a manufacturer shortage of tramadol and hope I will not have to go back to oxycontin.”2018For Pain:		“Tramadol does very little or nothing for pain.  I don’t believe they have any clue about this drug other than the fact that addicts don’t like it much so it doesn’t cause the providers issues. No help just side effects. Causes sweating, nightmares, and other awful side effects and is very habit forming/addictive unless weaned off.  Don’t get on it ever and if you do be sure to taper off under the supervision of a doctor who has the decency to admit that the only effective pain meds are the opioids at this time. Which I have taken dozens of times in my life as prescribed without issue.”2018Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have prostatitis and this is very good for the pain. I take 50mg every other day, I would like more but my doc is very reluctant. I would like it every day so may need a new doctor.”2018For Pain:		“So, I have an entire lumbar spinal fusion due to a trauma, I spent many years on oxycontin and oxycodone, I've also tried hydrocodone, fentanyl patches, etc.. Tramadol 50 mg. tabs at 2 pills 3 times a day; does better for my pain than the 80 to 100 mg of oxy or any other "hard narcotic." Tramadol actually takes my pain down to a tolerable level and allows me to function. I have a career in the medical field "emergency O.R" and many know how testing that can be on the back, hunched over that bed for hours!! Tramadol gave me my life back! Now, I do get kind of itchy from it, from time to time, especially if I've taken the med too close together, or if I hadn't eaten first. Other than that its great.”2018For Depression:		“I have been on Suboxone for 2 1/2yrs. I've always had issues with Depression/Anxiety.

However, the Suboxone has made my Depression/Anxiety 1000x worse and I have been put on different kinds of SSRI/SNRI medications, nothing has worked. I did some research on Suboxone combined with Tramadol and let me tell you, I was my bubbly self again. I felt amazing for the first time in a long time. The opiate side of Tramadol gets blocked by Suboxone so its Tramadol's anti-depressant component that is working its magic on me. 

The DR will not prescribe this to me since I am on addiction treatment, he won't even prescribe me an anti-depressant that matches Tramadols. I have made my situation even worse now since I got to experience Tramadol's anti-depressant magic knowing I cant get that medication prescribed. Imagine every waking day in mental misery and someone hands you something that makes it all go away but to be told you will never get it.”2018For Back Pain:		“Rx beginning 150mg/day up’d to 400/day. Worked somewhat but not as well as narcotic pain relievers ie norco or oxycodone. Used them for 6mo. The real pain was getting off of Tramodol. I read very little of the nightmare of stopping this med. I would rather go thru hydrocodone withdrawals 10x over to the withdrawal off of tramadol. Norco withdrawal took around 5-7-10 days. Had been thru that many times over 11 years. Tramadol took months to physically get over. Not mental, physical dependence. They should come with with a heroine type caveat. Don’t try to “ween” from narcotic pain pills to tramadol. Only kidding yourself and the withdrawals are so much worse.”2018For Depression:		“I LOVE Tramadol. I'm a stay at home mom and I'm over weight, big chest, and my back hurts all the time. Chasing toddlers around and doing house work can be aggravating at times. I've found tramadol to help with quite a few things. Mood, Motivation, pain, depression. I no longer take valium and effexor for my anxiety and depression because tramadol helps everything in my case! It's a wonder pill for me. I usually take 50mg when I get up, 1 later on in the day, then 1 at night. Sometimes I might take 2 in the morning and then 1 later that evening. But regardless tramadol makes me feel normal and able to do my everyday duties without being in a slump. Shame it's a narcotic now bc doctors are hesitant to prescribe and you don't get refills so u have to go every month to your doctor to get it. Hope this helps someone in pain and or depression as I've found it to be of help in both areas!!!”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I was rx'd 50 mg 3x per day. I didn't notice any pain relief what so ever. I felt that taking 4,000 mg of acetaminophen per day helped more but not enough to function.”2018For Anxiety:		“I take tramadol for pain that I get in my right side. I take as needed, not everyday. How are you whom are taking it daily for anxiety able to get your dr to prescribe it for you? There’s been such a crackdown on these types of meds being prescribed, that I am really stumped how many of you are able to get it. I have to beg and dr gives me 10 at a time. I take for pain but notice my anxiety is better after taking it.”2018For Back Pain:		“I have had on and off back pain from a prior injury. I was just dealing with the pain cause I didn’t want to take  Ibuprofen all the time. My doctor  prescribed the lower dose of Tramadol. All I can say is why didn’t I try this before? Not only does it mute the pain, the anxiety I feel Is just gone. I feel happy and my  concentration is way better. I only take it when I can’t deal with the pain but, have started researching it for anxiety as well. So far no withdrawals but I do not take every day.”2018For Depression:		“I've had depression since I was very young. I never accepted SSRI and just carried on regardless. My diabetes eventually gave me peripheral neuropathy and my feet hurt. Tramadol was prescribed for the pain. Since taking the tramadol my depression has been virtually non existent. I have not told my GP as he will probably stop the prescription .I do not have euphoria or anything like that, I am though functioning as a real human being with energy and purpose . My life is not perfect but its much much better , it can't just be a coincidence. John Lennon said " Whatever gets you through the night, It's Alright" I wish all you fellow suffers the very best luck x”2018For Depression:		“I have been taking 100mg at once during the morning about every 3 to 4 days and I’m amazed how it calms me down. Unfortunately not taking it for 3 to 4 days makes me a little more depressed. Would love to take it once a day everyday but am afraid to.”2018For Back Pain:		“I was given Tramadol for back pain.  I was very adamant in making sure my doctor knew that I am Bipolar, as my last doctor kept trying to prescribe me steroids which can induce hypomania/mania in bipolar people.  Apparently my doctor did NOT know that Tramadol is a partial antidepressant and he prescribed me this medication for a herniated disc in my back.  For one, this medicine is useless as a painkiller for me.  It doesn't even touch the pain.  And then on top of it, Tramadol induced the worst manic episode of my life leaving me severely anxious, wound up, restless, unable to sleep, and in a dark place.  I've almost gone to the emergency room about 5 times because of my thoughts.  I finally googled tramadol and bipolar disorder and realized that I should never have been prescribed this medication.  I failed to read the paperwork the pharmacy gave me because I had taken this medication in the past, before being diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and had no adverse reactions.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“It worked very well before my hip replacement but gave me raging diarrhea. Percot was the best”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“Couldn’t live without it.
I find it very helpful for fibro pain and also for fatigue. I can still work part time thanks to Tramadol.
On the other hand, I am so hooked on it, no idea how my brain chemistry will do without it.
And not willing to find out.
My only worry is that one day it won’t be marketed or prescribed.
Best wishes to you all!!”2018For Depression:		“I was at work some years ago I was a welder, and started getting to where I got tired real easy and I couldn't figure it out. And one of my co-workers gave me a Tramadol and it was like wow !! I can make it through the day now. I take one 50 mg a day . If I don't I start to feel run down and tired. I don't know if I had some kind of mild depression or not but that's the way it helps me.”2018For Pain:		“Was in a accident 12 years ago, ruptured 2 discs in my lower spine, a level 4 shoulder separation (basically my entire right shoulder exploded and had to be reconstructed), pinched nerve in my neck and fractured my hip. I've been on norco 10/325  and get 90 per month by my surgeon since the accident. I deal with a lot pain on a daily basis but the norco always helped and I took them as prescribed. In the last 2 years thanks to the FDA and DEA, I have had to take pee tests every 3 months to show I am taking them as prescribed, I always pass the tests, but its an extra $50 every time outta pocket. Every 6 months I have to give a blood test which is another $50. I have passed all tests every time, my last visit to my doc, yesterday, my doc advised me that a DEA agent came to his office and told my doc that his office had been flagged by the DEA for prescribing patients opioid pain meds. Yesterday, I was immediately taken off norco and put on tramadol 50mg which do nothing at all for my pain.”2018For Back Pain:		“Helps with almost everything, though temporary. I am prescribed 50mg every 4-6 hours as needed for lower back pain. It helps the pain 10/10, boosts my energy and reduces anxiety. It helps me focus and puts me in a good mood. I don’t take it everyday but I’m glad I have it for when I actually need it. The only side effect I’ve experienced while on it is increased heart rate. Regardless, this is a great, but ADDICTIVE drug. Don’t abuse it!”2018For Pain:		“Right now I’m battling 2 issues. 1) Severe shoulder pain that requires a total replacement. 2) A large kidney stone.

In the shoulder I have a cyst, major bone spur, significant loss of cartilage, severe arthritis and calcific tendinitis.

I am also an avid bowler, which includes PBA Regional events, USBC Senior Masters, the Senior US Open, and local USBC tournaments. And let’s not forget that I bowl a minimum of 4 leagues/week.

Bowling has been a major struggle until I got the Tramadal, and I rarely have any pain now. More importantly, I have not had any side effects despite being treated for high BP and asthma.

I’ll be staying on this through surgery which will make my rehab so much easier.”2018For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“PEOPLE PEOPLE PEOPLE! It's the tramadol and the withdrawal effect that is causing the RLS.  I got on this site to find out what I can take for the RLS, as I wean myself off of the tramadol.  Number 1 withdrawal affect = RLS!  And here everyone is talking about getting on it.  Don't do it!  It is a severe addictive drug that will lead to many problems when you get off.  The anger, depression, lack of sleep, fatigue, achiness, and most of all RLS is enough to drive me crazy. ”2018For Depression:		“The last SSRI I tried put me into a manic episode.  After 30 years I discovered Tramadol, the only medication to date that helps with my depression.

Then, Tramadol was re-classified and now my psychiatrist wants me to get off the drug.  I tried twice in the past to taper back from the 150 mg that I take in divided doses every day.  Used the slowest taper schedule I could find online.  The withdrawal is bad,  I couldn't take the shaking and suicidal thoughts, so continued to take it. 

I came to peace with taking tramadol, especially after reading about the difference between addiction and dependence.  I am dependent on this medication to keep me alive, literally.  I don't crave it and I have no desire to increase my dose, both of which are signs of addiction.  

Am so grateful to read about other people's positive experiences with Tramadol in treating depression.  There wasn't much info out there when I started to look into it several years ago.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Took as directed for Osteo Arthritis, 1 every 4 hours.
No effect.  Then took 2 to no effect.
then took 4 to no effect other than feeling slightly imbalanced.  Going back to Tylenol and Advil combo.”2018For Anxiety:		“I took this medication for anxiety and depression and it worked miracles. Then I ran out of it and went through awful withdrawals. This drug is a narcotic with very addictive properties meaning it will very often lead to “drug-seeking” behavior. Heroin takes away depression but that doesn’t make it a good antidepressant because you need something long term that addresses the issue or you will end up worse off. 
So yes, I took this and it helped my depression and anxiety but I had to always make sure it was available to me. A tolerance will build up fast and this medication has a dose limit to how much you can take a day because it increases the risk of seizures. You may not even take close to the top dose now and may never, but if you read this, haven’t genuinely tried several other legitimate options, and are concerned, ask your doctor why they prescribed this to you and ask if you can take it for anxiety or depression.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I took Ultram about 10 years and 12 surgeries ago. I still have diagnoses in the double digits and am need of more surgeries, but...10 years ago at 42, I had just graduated to Ultram from Ibuprofen and have had chronic pain since my teens. I held out as long as I could do it and  it  had a job to do. It worked for a few years but it won't touch any pain now.
Absolutely nothing.
An ibuprofen will work better now. I have been on hydrocodone 10's for a couple of years now and manage to take under my prescribed amount. Although this is getting tough. I can't imagine Ultram handling really severe pain.”2018For Pain:		“I have 2 bulging disc and I herniated in my lower back S1.  This is doing nothing for the pain down my left leg and foot.  For the last 4 days, it's only getting worse.  I thing I need the Hydrocodone again.  This is awful.  I can't even walk, it hurts soo bad.”2018For Pain:		“Taken with an antidepressant , I had a gradual increase in serotonin syndrome symptoms , I was misdiagnosed by my hospital, many tests later they said I had psychiatric issues. I almost died in the waiting room of another hospital I went into shock . A further 3 more hospital misdiagnosed me. I had dysautonomia , severe headache , racing heart almost collapsing all the time short of breathe, tremor, mild temp, shivering and confusing for weeks. Why are doctors prescribing this with other serotonin drugs when it’s clearly and often associated with SEVERE serotonin syndrome which is  potentially fatal”2018For Depression:		“I was given Tramadol for foot pain by my orthopedist. I didn’t particularly notice that it helped my pain, but it certainly improved my mood.  And fast.  I’m not saying I was hugely depressed and have never been treated for depression,  but my improved mood was a surprise.  It doesn’t make me feel high or anything like that, and I’m not an overly anxious person, but it just makes me happier and not so grumpy!  The only thing is, my doctor hasn’t given me much - guess it’s very controlled. So I got more elsewhere. It only takes about 50 mg a day for me.  I did go several months without any and didn’t feel any withdrawal side effects other than some sweating and a return to my normal mood.  I certainly would not want to take more than 100mg a day.  I have never taken much medication in my life.  I have friends on anti-depressants etc., and have mentioned this effect with tramadol.  Interesting reading other people comment on this.”2018For Pain:		“Pretty much useless.”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Did not relieve pain. Upset stomach, with burning sensation.”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“After car accident, back surgery, I have failed back syndrome, severe sciatica, neuropathy soles of feet, meragia (thighs numbness or pain in the outer thigh due to pinched or compressed nerve),  I have used Ultram since 1998.   First I used it just when required and slowly increased to 2- 3 day and it gives me life.  I can keep my pain level at an endurable level and still teach classes, volunteer with seniors, drive car unimpaired.  It is important for  me. NSAIDs ate my stomach lining away. Tylenol causes heart palpitations.  Some patients need this med to keep doing things and not encumbered with horrible sciatica and chronic pain, debilitating neuropathy. No cure for these conditions so must treat!”2018For Depression:		“This medication was initially prescribed for back pain. As an unexpected side effect it dealt with my MDD perfectly. Unfortunately I am medication sensitive and started to have negative side effects so had to slowly get off this medication. For some reason the withdrawal was horrible. Everybody responds differently and even though this medication worked with the pain and depression it's side effects made it impossible for me to remain on it and the withdrawal was the worst part "for me."”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol is the only thing that has ever helped.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have 9 fractures to 5 ribs all within 1.5 months all due to a chronic cough from an extremely extensive case of Sarcoidosis in my lungs, entire lymph system, entire skeletal system, spleen, liver, skin. After visiting the ER 3 times and an urgent care center (FL law will only allow a 3-day opioid prescription), I was sent to a pain management doctor. The pain management dr gives me a prescription for  Ultram . I cannot understand why any doctor would ever prescribe this useless joke of a pain medicine. I took it years ago for a different issue and it did nothing. Since I had so much left over back then, I tried to use it to get rid of a headache, nope, couldn't even work on a headache. The government needs to leave us and our personal medical issues to us and our doctors. If a person has an addictive personality, they will find any way to get their drugs. I shouldn't be persecuted for their addictive tendencies”2018For Pain:		“I have neuropathy, and nothing would work to calm the nerves. I've tried Neurontin, Lyrica,  over the counter pain remedies,  and other narcotic drugs like hydrocodone. Nothing really seemed to keep the pain at bay, and to keep it away for long periods. Tramadol does just that, and I'm able to function.”2018For Pain:		“I take two at around noon and 1 more about 2 - 3 hours later and by then I’m good until I hit the sack @ midnight.  I only eat them when I need them.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol XR 200mg has given me back my life . I'm 60 years old, have severe osteoarthritis and no cartridge in either my knees or hips. I can no longer take tylenol or ibuprofen or naproxen (kidneys & liver). When I tried tramadol xr, almost instantly my pain went from 100% down to 15%. I have never felt "loopy" on it. I do not care about possible side effects or addictions. IT WORKS and I DO NOT ache 24 hrs a day anymore.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This medication made me feel dizzy and puke.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Many people believe just because tramadol is low on the pain ladder that it won’t help with severe pain. They are wrong. It all depends on what kind of pain you have.
My pain seems to be a mixture of nerve and joint pain in my spine.
I need 60mg of OxyContin in the morning but it’s still not enough! I take 300mg of tramadol on top and I’m covered. I’ve recently use the EX 200 mg and it was even better.”2018For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“So similar to others in that I had spinal surgery and was prescribed tramadol for the pain. When I came off the drug my RLS (restless leg symdrome) was unbelievably bad. My Dr was more than happy to prescribe tramadol and generally only take when I get RLS rather than as a preventative measure and normally take two 50mg tablets. I’ve been using it now for 5 years.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“The generic was not very effective ,but when I was at the Cancer center they gave me a original brand and it was a lot more effective!!!!”2018For Back Pain:		“This medicine is a life savor. It’s given me my life back. Now it’s locked right with the control act. Such a shame for people who don’t abuse it and need it ”2018For Back Pain:		“This SUCKS, doesn't put a dent in my 10 busted discs and this lawsuit they want to do against the drug makers is hurting people who have already had their lives DESTROYED!!!”2018For Chronic Pain:		“It’s like taking Tylenol”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Ultram wasn't working after a month I stopped it.”2018For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I was diagnosed 5 years ago with RLS but suffered long before diagnosis. I just did not know what RLS was at the time.  I had surgery on my wrist and was prescribed Percocet for my pain. I hated feeling out of touch with reality and it made me nauseous. I went back to the surgeon and asked if he could prescribe me something lighter. He then prescribed me tramadol 50mg. Not only did it relieve my post-op pain but it calmed my legs enough to fall a sleep quick. I was amazed at this discovery but my doctor refuses to prescribe it for RLS.  So sad that junkies had to ruin it for the rest of us since now it’s a scheduled drug.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Along with physical therapy and stretches this medication worked better than all the typical strong opiate/opioid drugs given to me for my spine, hips and sciatic nerve problems. I was on narcotic pain relievers for 30+ years. It did take a short period of time to convince my body.”2018For Pain:		“worthless tramadol does nothing”2018For Pain:		“Tramadol is more than useless for pain. I suffer from spinal stenosis, herniated disc disease and osteoarthritis after getting hit by a car.I have severe pain in my back, both knees and all over in my joints so bad I can hardly walk. I take 50mg Tramadol a day for three months now with no relief. Tramadol is a joke.”2018For Depression:		“I have chronic depression and PTSD.  I have tried all the SSRIs and SNRIs. I've tried combinations of supplements,  and checked into magnetic brain stimulation treatments.  Nothing worked. I was in a car accident and hurt my back. I was prescribed Tramadol and noticed within a couple of day that I  felt "normal", happy, not anxious.   So I talked to my doctor who is willing to continue prescribing it for me.   

I still have my negative thoughts but they don't dominate my day,  nor disrupt my life.  I keep up on my magnesium L-threonate, magnesium glycate and L-theanine which make a big difference.  

Everyone's body chemistry is different.  This drug works for my chemistry.  I understand that I will have to take a medication for the test of my life, but it's a small price to pay. There are days I almost didn't make it through. And I'm fortunate to have found something that works for me.”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“I started taking Tramadol for chronic pain due to many years of fibromyalgia.  It helped somewhat with pain the true problem was the depression that started almost immediately.  I tolerated the depression for as long as I could.  I was not on a high dose. Only up to 3 daily but even at 1 the depression was constant ...waking me at night with despairing thoughts.  When I chose to stop taking it I was miserable.  Worse than coming off of oxycodone in higher amounts and worse than benzos.   Restless leg syndrome was constant for a week and then the psychosis that almost sent me to the emergency room.   Stay away from this drug.  If you don’t have issues with depression DO NOT take Tramadol.   It will screw up your brain.  It’s been two weeks and I’m starting to feel happy again.”2018For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have suffered from RLS since college.  I had hip replacement when I was 48 and was given Tramadol for pain and realized that it also eliminated the RLS and I could finally sleep through an entire night.  I have been on Tramadol for 9 years, but now my doctor will not prescribe it.  He has given me other drugs which either upset my esophagus or cause horrible side effects.  I had no side effects with the Tramadol.  I take one 50mg pill each night so I obviously am not abusing the medication.   Is there any way to get a waiver or something similar so that I can continue to receive the one medicine that works?”2018For Back Pain:		“AT 8 am I took a 50mg tablet at the same time as two 2 mg tizanidine (muscle relaxer).  Was very dizzy and nauseated all day until @5 pm. Next day, took one tablet again, but at 5 am.   Took one tizanidine at 8 am.  After an hour, I was once again dizzy and nauseated and it lasted until @9 pm.   Hadn't had any problem with the tizanidine when taking with steroids, Aleve, acetaminophen.  (For back pain.)   Will not take any more Tramadol.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I had nerve damage surgery on my arm and hand and was given this for pain. It doesn't help at ALL! So, I'm taking Aleve and not even sleeping due to the pain. The government needs to develop another way to control the Opioid epidemic! It isn't fair to us good "apples"!!!”2018For Back Pain:		“Not very effective. I can't tell the difference between the relief from stretching and the drug.”2018For Pain:		“Tramadol does nothing at all. Same experience I had a few years back with this med. A complete waste and I have told my doctor over and over but it’s all he will prescribe.”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Taken for chronic pain for rheumatoid arthritis. Thought it would help to sleep better as pain wakes me up when changing positions. First two nights miraculous but then started noticing irritability and low mood. Skipped a couple nights and took again. Noticed extreme pain upon rising. Just came from seeing doc advised NOT to take at night he said my body would start craving it and would not realize if I was taking it for RA pain or pain from withdrawal. Hmm. So I am only suppose to take it during day and am no longer suppose to take prednisone as needed.”2018For Back Pain:		“Pretty effective treating pain, but the withdrawal is terrible as others have claimed. Even if you're not stopping it completely, if the levels get low the withdrawal starts. Usually in the middle of the night. Abrupt awakening, restless legs, abdominal pain and intrusive-rapid thoughts were the most bothersome. I couldn't take it before bed because it made falling asleep impossible due to the rapid thoughts, so the levels would fall resulting in abrupt wakening. It was prescribed to get me off Methadone. God what I wouldn't do to be back on the Methadone. Avoid this if possible.”2018For Back Pain:		“I have chronic back pain associated with scoliosis, degenerative disc disease and osteoporosis.  My doctor prescribed Tramadol, 50mg, twice daily. I’m now up to 3 times daily.  From the time I started taking it my pain subsided but I noticed that the drug made me “mean”. It’s caused problems in my relationship with my partner to the point that I want to quit taking it but can’t tolerate the pain. I wish there was something else that worked. Anyone else experience these same symptoms?”2018For Back Pain:		“I have found Tramadol to be very effective for my back pain. Have had two surgeries on my back and constant pain has become my friend. Surgeons tell me that they can't do anything else for me as I also have degenerative disc disease, stenosis and arthritis spurs on all my vertebrae. 50 mg twice a day pretty well does the job. Have had no negative results and for now I would recommend the Tramadol for pain.”2018For Pain:		“I have severe anxiety and was given this for pain relief after surgery for a boxers fracture. Needless to say things could have went really bad really fast had I not paid close attention to my body. I started having worse and incredibly noticable anxiety issues. My depression got really bad. Needless to say I flushed the bottle and have almost gotten myself back to normal and the Dr is changing my medicine. My advice if you have anxiety and are self controlling please steer clear of this for pain!”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Tramadol 150mg every 4 hours for 4 years now. It is NOT working I keep having to take more and more often. Tried other Medicine found ONE that helps but my pain management doctor does not prescribe Narcotics. This medication is in my opinion useless!”2018For Pain:		“TRAMADOL DOES ABSOLUTELY N O T H I N G!~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Neither does Gabapentin!

I think I am getting placebos for all my meds. NOTHING works.

They must all be placebos. I take other meds that do NOTHING either!”2018For Depression:		“I was reading some of these past comments and I have to say some of you I am very disappointed. Every single drug you take on this planet has side effects and it has withdraw symptoms I don't care what medicine you take! Every drug you take long enough has a dependency issue. I mean come on even coffee people have withdrawals to that. I have taken tramadol for back pain ovarian cyst, and then my psychiatrist told me he wanted me to continue on this medicine because it's been proven effective in treating depression, and I have been on every anti depressant they have ever made and horrible health and side effects and I was not having a good quality of life. The good out weighs the bad. And my life is finally getting better. Now shame on you adults that are bashing people for taking tramadol for depression. My life is good.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have an uncommon disease and was prescribed this for pain . Absolute joke ! I may as well taken Tylenol especially since it doesn’t make me sick to my stomach . 

This whole opioid crisis is beyond ridiculous . They give us weak , trickled down “ narcotics” that aren’t really narcotics and could not care a less if our quality of life is bad due to pain 

It’s a good thing I still have some “ real “ narcotics” I was prescribed a year ago that I kept for an emergency.....

The tramadol is being flushed down the toilet along with the 54 dollars I spent for it . 
”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“As far as I'm concerned Tramadol should be put on the market as yet another OTC medication.  It is only helpful  to get another ulcer. I have never received any helpful pain relief from it .
25years ago or since my doctor will no longer prescribe me any opioid medications he's put me back on useless Tramadol/Ultram. So much for compassion”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“For "me" Ultram/Tramadol has saved my back along with a muscle relaxater. I have whole spinal arthritis. I take as prescribed so I can stay on top of the pain. I'm going into my 2nd month and for "me"  the two are a God send.

Thank you.”2018For Pain:		“Hallucinations, weird dreams, answering someone who is not there,  extreme bloating, constipation, and did not take away my pain”2018Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have lupus, fibromyalgia and graves disease along with severe chronic depression and OCD.  Tramadol does NOTHING to improve my quality of life.  I'm 58, in pain always and cannot get a real pain killer!!!  My life sucks.  Can't enjoy anything from my grandchildren, to being on our boat in the summer.  I even hurt when I'm cold!  I want percocet or oxycodone....”2018For Anxiety:		“After taking so many antidepressant like sertralin, Lexapro with huge side effects and ayurvedic products with little effects, yoga, meditation and everything possible to treat my GAD, I tried tramazac (tramadol HCl) based on reviews of people here. I took first dose of 50 mg. After 2 hours this medicines did miracle. It took away my anxiety, sad mood and I felt so happy. I took at 8 pm evening and its effects lasting next morning. I did not expect such positive results in just hours. I will continue this. However I have read that this is habit forming so I will take care not taking it daily. But antidepressants are also habit forming ,their withdrawal is also not very easy. But this medicine is too much effective with no side effects. I thank all the people here. I will continue to share my experience further.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“My leg hurt so bad this morning if it had vocal cords it would have screamed and cried. I took Tramadol I have done it many times before, the Dr. is afraid of the DEA so he won't give any thing that works better. Yes I know my life span will probably be much shorter, but really who wants to have a long life in serious chronic pain. If I were given aspirin and told to deal with it I would have taken a long walk off a short pier long ago.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have tried this medication twice strictly for chronic pain relief. Both times on the medication I experienced more side effects than benefits, and also had withdrawal symptoms once stopping. I did have mild relief, but nothing that would convince me to take this again”2018For Pain:		“DO NOT TAKE WITH ANTIDEPRESSANTS!  Was in a car wreck and ER gave me this for pain. I made them aware I was on effexxor but they assured me I could mix them. Started taking it and made it to day 3 before I blacked out. Woke up 4 days later in the ICU due to serotonin poisoning!”2018For Back Pain:		“Was given this pain killer by my doctor due to a back injury. The doctor didn't really tell me much, just said it was a good pain reliever. Taking 8x50mg daily, the pain reduced, but felt that I was becoming dependant. If I missed a dose, or was running late, I would start to feel sick. After 6 months, I have now started to reduce tramadol. PLEASE - If you can find another pain killer able to manage your symptoms, use it. Tramadol is difficult to stop. The withdrawal coming off tramadol is terrible. No sleep, diarrhoea, dizziness, restless legs, cramps, sweats, unable to function, headaches. Tramadol is really not worth taking when you weigh up the pain relief and the withdrawal. AWFUL. PLEASE SPEAK TO YOUR DR OR PHARMACIST ABOUT THIS DRUG, BEFORE STARTING. EVEN IF THEY SUGGEST IT, GET ANOTHER OPINION. I feel like an illegal drug addict trying to stop this.”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“Works best for me”2018For Chronic Pain:		“Caused constipation, bloat, gas, build up diarrhea, pains in extremities, back pain, near migraines, severe headaches twitching in hands like a palsy, shaking leg pains et cetera i.e., almost every side effect listed in 10% up categories”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Absolute nightmare of side effects. I have been on it 21 years and NO ONE will help me get off it. Tried it and it was too hard”2018For Back Pain:		“Does nothing for any pain.  Caused itching and insomnia.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I have been diagnosed with bulging discs, a pinched nerve, neuropathy, and osteoarthritis.  I've been to specialists and did weeks of physical therapy.  I have tried many medications and  hydrocodene was the only medication that gave me any respite from the pain I experience 24/7.  Because of the opioid crisis my doctor prescribed tramadol.  I got absolutely no relief; I did become incredibly dizzy and feared falling so I quit taking it.  It's sad that because of the drug abuse by so many that those of us in need must suffer.”2018For Pain:		“Horrible drug. You may get pain relief which you won't get to appreciate due to the experience that I had when I took it. With it were several side effects- heart palpitation, nausea, disoriented and general ill feeling. it was awfully scary. My mom had the same bad experience. I would never want my family to take this drug.”2018For Pain:		“Tramadol does nothing for pain. When I was in rehab recently other patients were calling it a useless medication too.”2018For Back Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol for back pain.It was effective however the reason I'm still taking it is because it takes away all the symptoms of my sinusitis.I would love to know why this works when nothing else does!”2018For Syringomyelia:		“I have syringomyelia. My syrinx runs from T4 to T11. I am on the max dose of Tramadol. I have take this medication in extended release 200mg and 2 50mg for the break through pain. It knocks the edge off but that's about it. My neurologist said if the pain continues, I will likely end up with pain pump installed. They seem to like this approach, because it administers morphine directly into the spinal canal. I wish that this medication worked, I do not want opiates.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I was in a bad car accident when I was 17. Suffered injuries throughout my spine. I am almost 42 now so you can imagine the wear and tear on my back now. I take gabapentin, muscle relaxers and tramadol combo to deal with daily pain. Even with the combo of all 3 it doesn't take away all the pain but makes it manageable enough to get through my day. I've had tramadol on its own also. My opinion on it's effectiveness is,  its better than OTC pain relievers but  definitely not as effective as narcotic pain relievers. It gives just enough relief to get you through your day but you definitely still feel pain. Its unfortunate that some people have abused the narcotic pain relievers so much, now everyone is being treated like drug addicts.  I have to take so many medications  (all with side effects) just to somewhat give me the same relief 1 pill would give me. Doesn't make sense. Tramodol is the best out of the non narcotic pain relievers.”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“Hi I have had fibro about 6 yrs and been prescribed a variety of different meds to try. None of them helped. Then after phoning doctor in tears with pain I was prescribed Tramadol 50 mg. Was nervous to take as doctor said can be addictive but I decided to try and it is the best medication I've tried for fibro. I do not take every day only take when I am having a really bad day with pain and it really helps the pain. Sometimes I  go days or a weeks without taking it.   I don't feel remotely addicted.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking tramadol 50mg since I had a back operation for  when I get pain. I don't always have the pain  but when the pain is severe I take 3 or 4 pills a day and I get 4 refills every 6 months with an appointment with the doctor.  I've been on them for almost 7 years now and I get no side effects . It works perfect for me. I gave it 10/10”2018For Depression:		“Honestly the best option I've found for treating my depression. Very limited side effects compared to standard anti depressants. Only thing that has bothered me are heat flashes at night, but that is manageable. Would recommend taking days apart to help not  build dependency.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“worked to help after Knee and hip replacements when Dr takes you off Opioids”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibromyalgia and many other health issues for the last 13 years.. being passed off from dr. to dr. none of them not knowing how to treat my pain. I have been on tramadol for about 1 year now and call the dr. today and the RN says she is not going to refill it anymore for me and she will not do anymore back injections for me I had 34 in past 13 years and she wants me to go to pain management for ketamine infusions. I am very upset I spent well over 2 years and over 2 grand with this NP W/ 0 help. If your MD is going to  have you see a NP for a serious pain problem PLEASE DO NOT  wastetime with a NP go to a real PAIN MANAGEMENT DR. right off the bat.   I am very  disappointed in ALL the DR.s I have now seen with zero relief. I  don't know what is ahead of me and I am very scared I suffered for 13 years. May God Bless and Heal all of you reading this. it is a horrible way to live your life suffering in pain every second of your life...”2018For Pain:		“Only the Mylan Pharmaceuticals brand works for me.  Tried Sun Pharmaceuticals and Amneal and they do nothing for my pain !”2018For Pain:		“Prescribed this worthless drug by two different doctors and it failed to relieve the pain of my multiple back fractures.  The pain was more than adequately managed by Vicodin at the lowest dose. 
Will not ever take this medicine again.”2018For Back Pain:		“I have now been on Tramadol for 4 years @ between 300-400mg a day, 3 x 300mg Gabapentin, 4 x Naproxen 250mg, 8 x Paracetamol 500mg, 2 x Nortriptyline 10mg, 2 x Lansoprazole 15mg.

ALL THIS & I am STILL in MAJOR Back Pain!

I saw a neuro-surgeon who after spending less than 2 minutes looking at my M.R.I scan he saw that the vertebrae associated with the torn Thecal Sac was at that particular time, NOT touching my spine.
I'd already explained to him it slips & I get a MASSIVE shooting pain the length of my body and I hit the floor!

He said I do have a genetically small spinal canal!! and obvious Canal Stenosis.  But he had no target to operate on and completely overruled my previous diagnosis and said in his view I had no spinal impingement and a MINOR back condition!

Upon getting home I tried to commit Suicide and if it wasn't for the quick reactions of my Fiance, she & our son would be without me right now.

I now have a 2nd referral to a different neuro-surgeon in London.”2018For Back Pain:		“In the meantime while waiting for an MRI, Dr. prescribed the Tramadol 200mg Ext release tablets.
Seemed to help with pain relief the first night, but I only got 4 hrs sleep. (This was Friday going into Saturday).
Saturday night going into Sunday, I had BAD reactions. (Like the possessed or poltergeist movies) LOL
Anxiety, insomnia, tingly legs and feet that didn't want to touch my sheets in bed even. I began crying and asking myself questions and praying to please let me sleep as I was exhausted. I thought I either had a mental breakdown or anxiety/panic attack.

Apparently these were common side affects. I specifically told my Dr I couldn't sleep at night the pain was so bad, yet this drug causes insomnia. 
What?? Seriously??? Still shaking my head as to why he prescribed this.
It's now day 4 of the prescription and I have called requesting something else, as this is not allowing me to sleep and I feel like I'm losing my mind.”2018For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've had RLS for years. I am a retired UPS driver and all the walking would bring on such severe issues with this I couldn't even watch TV. I had a knee replacement after retiring and used tramadol for pain. I realized I wasn't suffering the same issues with RLS! I've taken everything out there with some only making the symptoms worsen! I wished it wasn't on that dreaded narcotic list and hate that it is an opioid! I take two 50mg at night before bed. I am so cautious about being an opioid junkie but not so sure anything out there will work. I've tried most all of them”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol is pretty useless unless you have a anti-inflammatory with it. You can't take ibuprofen for years but you can for a while. I myself have found frankincense to be a magnificent anti-inflammatory. When it comes to not having any side effects at all. It reacts  with the Tramadol just like percocet has Tylenol in it. It actually works. I really didn't want percocet or any other narcotics like that I'm going to be forced to have a narcotic like Tramadol. Gabapentin and other nerve medications give me severe side effects. Try to frankincense and tramadol together. I even make my own I buy a bag of frankincense and put it in capsules so that there's no other ingredient in there. I take three capsules with the Tramadol. Now with severe fibromyalgia I can get away with 75 mg with frankincense.”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“My sister was prescribed this medicine and has become addicted to opioids. Tread very lightly if you plan to take this drug. I would advise not going near it. 

”2018For Pain:		“Took my pain away, gave me horrible anxiety and paranoia, I don't recommend if you have already anxiety issues.”2018For Pain:		“I'm 8 weeks using tramadol now and thepain is now manageable I can get to work and do a good day on a construction site, 
I need two knee replacements, ankle fusion and also fractured my L3 in lower back. Pain killers are to help you manage the pain but not totally remove it .
Side effects 
dry month
Sore trough 
Loss of weight
Need less sleep.”2018For Pain:		“Prescribed Tramadol for pain in sternum, ribs and intense breast pain from seatbelt during a minor car accident. Took spasmodically. I always suffer from chronic constipation and this became much worse. I have an advanced lung condition (fibrosing alveolitis) with continuous difficulty breathing, and the doctor didn't say it can cause breathing problems. I just found out from your website.”2018For Back Pain:		“I took tramadol for 5 years. At first it worked. Side effects were weight loss (about 15lbs) and an overall mood boost. After about a year of use, it stopped working on my back pain. My doctor told me I could take up to 4 50 mg pills a day. So I did. That worked for about another year give or take. I continued to take it bc I feared the crippling withdrawal I would experience anytime I went more than 12 hours without it. I finally weaned myself of it when I realized there was no point being dependent on a med that doesn’t work anymore. The weaning process took 3 months. I wish I would’ve done it sooner.”2018For Pain:		“Tramadol is a waste of time and money. Eat your money, it will do as well as Tramadol. Whoever came up with this has never had to use it.”2018For Pain:		“The only pain medication that has ever relieved the pain. Sometimes it doesn't feel strong enough. But there has been not a single side affect for me except a relaxed feeling that comes with the easing of pain. Taken as needed. Occasionally take before bed  to ease pain to sleep.”2018Tramadol Hydrochloride ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Severe headache during dosage - one tablet. Taken at night 10pm. 

Woken with feeling of anxiousness 2/3am. And  hallucinating  during this time.”2018Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“My Doctor prescribed me this for chronic pain. I tried it 3 weeks in a row and it did nothing for my pain! I was really excited about getting it and trying it and was so disappointed. Though it did help me a couple of time's coming off of stronger prescription painkillers. It was helpful with some of the withdrawal symptoms.”2018For Pain:		“It definitely gives you brain fog and messes with your abilities to operate heavy machinery including driving. You can pretend to fight the symptoms but with time it eventually wins. Can't live with it, can't move without it.”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This medicine made me feel absolutely terrible. I was prescribed this to take for migraines and after dealing with the side effects/withdrawal symptoms... I think I’d rather just deal with my migraine. Nausea, vomiting, itching, heart palpitations, sleeplessness, anxiety, depression, etc. You name it, I was experiencing it. And have been for 3 days. Take at you’re own risk.”2018For Pain:		“I had single-port hysterectomy and was sent home with tramadol. This drug providing ZERO pain relief. 600 mg ibuprofen more helpful. Better pain relief given for laproscopic surgery prior to this. Oxy, 600 mg motrin and an extra strength acetaminophen was given. No pain issues! Now, forget it. Miserable!!”2018For Pain:		“Mild to moderate relief. The notion as stated "moderate to severe pain relieve" thats nonsense. Tramadol does help much better than over the counter non scheduled pain relievers for sure. Also tramadol does not intoxicate you like the others such as hydrocodone are oxycodon and I prefer that. I'm taking meds for actual pain relief and not to get high so in that respect it serves me well. Simply put it's not that strong.”2018For Depression:		“The comments resonate with me regards Tramadol. I was diagnosed it for back pain which it relieved and gave me a surge of energy and wellbeing which later disappeared with use, but it is still useful for relieving my dire morning depression, if taken 2 hours before rising I can face getting out of bed.”2018For Fibromyalgia:		“I started with 50mg 4x/day. Ended up taking more that. I bought it online for 14 years until they scheduled it. The most terrible withdrawal in the world. I heard worse than heroin. Be careful. Its better for mood than pain. I can't imagine it for post surgery. Not a great pain killer. Methadone for withdrawal's, that's a whole new monster...”2018For Pain:		“I'm not even sure this is a real drug? Does zero, nada, nothing. Any doctor who prescribes this for somebody with real pain, hasn't tried it ”2018For Chronic Pain:		“This is not as effective as opioids.”2018For Depression:		“My Pdoc tried this after so many SSRIs had little effect. Tramadol worked much better right away. I wouldn't suggest taking more than 100mg, as this drug is very difficult to taper down from. When you taper off, reduce by 12.5mg per month to avoid withdrawals and give your body time to adjust.

I have since tried Niacin and found it equally effective for Depression and Anxiety.”2018