For Pain:		“I was first prescribed tramadol for sciatica, but also found it helps with asthma.  I used to cough uncontrollably when exposed to certain smells or foods.  I would sometimes stop breathing for a fuel seconds and terrified myself as well as anyone around me.  I found that taking 50 mgs twice a day calmed my body down to the point that I have significantly more control over this.  It does help with the sciatica and definitely helps with depression.  The effects are elevated if taken with caffeined coffee.”2020For Syringomyelia:		“My syrinx is from T-2 thru T-11. It is extremely painful but I receive no pain medication. The doctors tell me that Lyrica is a pain pill. I wish they had my back. I can’t get pain pills to help. Every doctor is afraid to prescribe narcotics for fear of getting in trouble.”2020For Back Pain:		“I received tramadol 50 mg 4 times a day for back pain didn’t even touch the pain. They are so afraid to give you anything that works! That’s a shame”2020For Depression:		“I take tramadol for lower pain, however, I use it mainly for depression and anxiety. It works better than any antidepressant I’ve ever taken. I’m on the 50mg instant release tablets, and I take it up to 4 times a day. I keep my dose between 100mg-200mg a day. I don’t overtake it, as tolerance builds up quickly. In reference to the people who warned that this drug is very addictive, and that it shouldn’t be prescribed for depression because of that, I have to say, regular antidepressants are just as bad if you quit taking them (MAJOR withdrawals, brain zaps, etc) ...so prescribing tramadol shouldn’t be any different. This drug has done wonders for me, and I’m so happy I was able to find a doctor who would write it for me.”2020For Back Pain:		“Did absolutely nothing for pain.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“Awesome pain meds”2020For Depression:		“While suffering in a deep depression I read on this site about Tramadol.  I had a full script from a dental procedure and decided to try it.  The results are real, it truly is a miracle drug for depression.  I am able to play with my kids and live a normal life taking just 50mg in the morning.”2020For Anxiety:		“I have suffered from anxiety nearly all my life and have been on medication after medication with only fair results. My husband has a severe leg and back injury and uses Tramadol. On a holiday I hurt my back and took his 100mg SR tramadol daily for over a week and the transformation in my mood and anxiety was life changing. My GP told me that it is well know as a treatment for anxiety but Australian medical professionals shy away from prescribing the drug for this purpose. Why?? I thank Tramadol every day for lifting the anxiety fog I was constantly living in!”2020Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was given Ultram after an eye surgery that repaired a blown out eye socket.
Originally given Tylenol #3 but found I reacted to it with rash and severe itching.
I only used two doses of the Ultram and experienced worse headache than not taking it. Its useless for post op pain.

Doctors now days are careful (as they should be) when prescribing opiates, however,  not all patients are seeking a high. It's frustrating to be put into a fishbowl with drug users.

If a patient is seeking any kind of medication for a "high" then any class of opiates should not be prescribed.  
The possible side effects of Ultram in my opinion are scary just as the side effects of Norco and such.
That's why you listen to your body and watch for any side effects. For those who are increasing the dose is stupid as well as dangerous. But if taken as directed,  although like me after 2 doses I knew it was pointless , there shouldn't be any real problems.”2020For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Tramadol has helped me 100% from my RLS.  I take one 50 mg. every night around 5 p.m. and it's like a miracle, my RLS is completely abated.  I cannot get any rest without this miracle drug.  I thank God for this drug.”2020For Pain:		“I just started Tramadol 50 mg twice a day and I feel better. I have chemo induced leg/feet neuropathy. I also take b12 1000mg daily.”2020For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol is the only medication that helps my fibromyalgia and CFS! My weakness is debilitating and only working part time, I am able to take one a day before work! It gives me strength in my legs and energy for a few hours! Downside, I can only take one a day as Tramadol gives me headache with two! No Drs are educated in this field.. at least I found my own help to continue to function and work!!”2020For Anxiety:		“I have struggled with chronic anxiety and depression all my life and took Benzodiazepines for 13 years. I thought they were the worst to withdrawal from then I tried to withdraw from tramadol. I was taking 50 to 150mg a day for sciatica but realised they helped my anxiety or thought they did. When you stop Tramadol the anxiety comes back 10 times worse. I couldn't move my body for days one time because of the pain I was experiencing. EVERYTHING comes back worse. I will however take one 50mg if I am having a panic attack as I get addicted to Benzos and cannot take them again. Please be very careful especially if you have an addictive personality!”2020For Anxiety:		“Like so many others, I discovered the anti-anxiety and anti-OCD effects of Tramadol. Tramadol was originally prescribed after I moved from opium derived drugs to Tramadol, I noticed a much calmer sense of myself and attitude. I have suffered from anxiety and obsessive-compulsive behaviors for three decades. I take 50 mg in the morning. I have been doing this now for 21 months and my level of agitation is significantly diminished. I don't drink now nor engage in other self-destructive and obsessive behaviors. On occasion, I will take a second 50 mg late afternoon if I have a stressful or intense meeting or work engagement upcoming. I long ago stopped getting any pain relief from this drug. I have to argue with my primary physician for refills. I test the effects by stopping the drug for 1-3 weeks every 5-6 months. Eventually, the anxiety returns and it becomes as real as the past. I have never suffered any withdrawals coming off of 50-100 mg daily dose.”2020Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been one of the many finding myself suffering severe chronic pain, fibromyalgia, cervical radiculopathy, severe osteoarthritis in all my joints and 3 bulging discs. Stripped of all my pain meds and only allowed sporadic usage of ultram. I went from 125mmg fentanyl every 48 hour w/ Vicodin for break through pain to one ultram every 4 to 6 hrs. I might as well be taking a baby aspirin every 4 to 6 hrs.”2020For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have NEVER taken Tramadol and have had RLS for many years. I asked my doctor to prescribe me some (which was tough for some reason, it is the lowest level of narcotic drug but junkies ruin it for people who NEED pain control) After taking 100mg a night 1 hour before bed has SAVED me! I have NO RLS anymore! I love it! I take 2 in the morning for my back pain and 2 at night for back pain and RLS for over a year now and I feel so much better!”2020For Anxiety:		“Dreadful stuff! I took this for 4-5 days for severe back pain. It didn't touch the pain, made me very drowsy and worst of all GAVE me anxiety. I have just stopped taking them but the anxiety and drowsiness still remain 3 days later. ”2020For Depression:		“I recently had a prescription of Tramadol prescribed to me for severe lower back pain. I was taking an average of 300mg of Tramadol daily for several months (some days slightly more and other days none at all). It was INDESCRIBABLY successful in helping my sleep, my worries, my motivation, my energy, my anxiety, my attention, my social engagement and general happiness that I’m convinced that I could've weened off of possibly all 8 of my current psychoactive medications if I was prescribed Tramadol regularly. I came to feel even more confident about this when my prescription ran out. UNBELIEVABLY, I had absolutely no withdrawals and the only feeling I have in terms of a possible dependency is only due to how miraculously well it worked for me. It even completely eliminated my urge to drink alcohol of which I was so proud. Tramadol would be a UNIVERSAL solution for the psychological abyss that has destroyed my life since grade school.”2020For Vulvodynia:		“Superb relief from the searing, burning and tearing sensation of vulvodynia.  I had an allergic reaction to Monistat and simultaneously developed a sensitivity to an SSRI that was disrupting my estrogen and flaring my interstitial cystitis.  I had a storm of nerve pain in my bladder, vagina and vulva and a vagina that felt like it was full of paper cuts.  A round of Prednisone calmed the allergic reaction.  I tried gabapentin once again for nerve pain and still couldn't tolerate the side effects.  Just 5 or 6 doses (25-50mg) of Tramadol calmed my pain so I could sit without ice and begin pelvic floor PT.  Once the SSRI was out of my system, about four weeks later, I got a normal period and my vulvodynia calmed down.”2020For Pain:		“I was prescribed this tramadol for pain following knee replacement. For 6 weeks I experienced racing heart rate, shortness of breath, and chest pain, which delayed my recovery and stumped all my physicians. I was bed-bound the entire time. After a multitude of testing, my PCP finally suggested I stopped this medication and all symptoms resolved within two days. This was a debilitating experience, and I have never had these problems prior to this medication or since. If I could rate this medication any lower than 1, I would.”2020For Pain:		“I was sent home following a hip replacement with a prescription for  tramadol 50 mg. twice a day. It made me feel cheerful and mostly pain free. Worked great for me.”2020For Anxiety:		“Been on tramadol for over 10+years and it works good for pain and my anxiety I call it my happy pill and get things done pill”2020For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Only thing that has given any relief to my RLS. I just wish it wasn't such a hassle to get it. Whenever I get a new doctor I have to explain to them that it in fact does provide relief for my RLS. Ive been on all the other meds. None have worked. Tramadol saved my life.”2020For Anxiety:		“I just wanted to some helpful advice. Tramadol is great for anxiety. The advice I want to give is for anyone that runs out before your refill date. You will have withdrawals during this time period and they suck! No sugar coating...they suck! I came across a forum about a year ago about Kratom as a helpful tool for withdrawals. I was desperate so I tried it. OMG! It is literally a miracle when dealing withdrawal symptoms from tramadol! I can't say this enough! I understand how some people have stopped pain meds all together with it. Its good for pain, anxiety, mood lifting. It attaches to a different opioid receptor, but is enough to keep you from having withdrawal symptoms...and MUCH better for you than prescription drugs!”2020For Back Pain:		“Works better fore than many of the stuff mixed with aspirin or others”2020For Anxiety:		“Looks like I found the right drug for my anxiety ”2020For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had RLS for over 50 years.  It became "out of control" over 10 years ago and I began taking medication for it in 2009.  I took Ropinerole for years, but gradually had to increase the dose until I was taking 2.5 mg.  I was afraid to continue increasing the dose because what would I do when I reached the limit?  My PCP finally sent me to a neurologist and I was prescribed Horizant.  That was like a miracle drug and for about 9 months I was good with Horizant 600 mg and Ropinerole 2 mg.   A few months ago the symptoms became worse again and I had many sleepless nights.  I called the neurologist and explained my symptoms.  I told her that when I took Tramadol for back pain it also stopped the RLS.  I now take Tramadol 50mg along with the Horizant 600 mg and Ropinerole 2 mg.  I'm wondering if when taking Tramadol it is possible to reduce the Ropinerole and/or the Horizant?  Any suggestion would be appreciated.”2020For Anxiety:		“This drug tamadol has completely changed my life. I also take 20mg of lexapro. My anxiety has been so high in my recent years and depression hits hard. I was prescribed tramadol 3 times a day and for this past year my anxiety went from a 10 to a 1 or 2. I'm more active and it has saved my marriage. I recommend this drug to anyone with depression/anxiety and drop the other psych meds.”2020For Anxiety:		“great for anxiety/depression as it is an SNRI/opiate in one. You are benefiting from the snri effect on your mood, you're also daily consuming the opiate which WILL cause addiction/dependency. There are SNRI’s  that don't have an opioid but I doubt they are as effective. You may not be getting “high” off the opiate but part of the boost is due to the opiate. There is no doubt  that its useful for pain or mood and if it helps then so be it, just thought I'd put my two cents out there. Having days of a sense causes severe negative effects. I’d strongly advise tapering if you choose to stop after daily consumption . I don’t understand how people are saying “I swear doctors get paid not to give tramadol and instead prescribe other marketed products”. answer is no educated doctor would Prescribe a partial opiate to someone for daily use for anxiety/depression it’s just not sensible addiction and dependence is real and scary.”2020For Anxiety:		“Maybe I’m the only person here with this reaction but tramadol makes me feel terrible. It gives me awful panic attacks and actually causes me anxiety. I am prescribed it for cervical herniations and I don’t even take it for that because of how much it makes my heart race and the debilitating panic attacks I have when I take it, I’d rather just be in pain. I really wish it worked for me.”2020For Anxiety:		“Tramadol is a life saver. Like most I was prescribed it for pain and when I first took it I noticed I just felt a bit happier. NOTHING like a buzz, just a better mood. Time went on and I realized even taken early in the AM, it would keep me up at night. So I stopped. A couple of years later a friend mentioned he had it and my anxiety had been worsening so I figured I'd try it. Game changer. I take 2-3 (I'm a 190 lb male) and the difference it makes in my mood is incredible. I highly recommend this for people with anxiety and even depression.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“This drug almost wrecked my life. Please carefully consider before starting this drug for any more than about 2 weeks. I was given Tramadol because I didn’t want to take any narcotics due to the bad reputation they get. Little did I know what was about to happen to me! I have a chronic condition which causes severe pain. I was taking as prescribed, and after a few weeks I would wake up every morning at 4am, feeling “doomed”. I knew everything was fine, yet I would cry and my heart would race, and my stomach would churn. This went on for almost a year. I eventually weaned myself off, but that took a solid six months of having to end up taking a sliver of a pill at a time. It was BRUTAL! I would never wish this on anyone!!!! I would have crying spells out of nowhere. It was so embarrassing. I couldn’t bear to be left alone, which is unlike me...honestly, it changed me, because it made me feel that if a medication can do that to me, then I’m afraid of all medications, now.”2020For Back Pain:		“So I was on alprazolam for over a year for anxiety and seizure related purposes and a few weeks back, I pulled my entire back out and didn't know what to do. Went to the doc and was prescribed tramadol. It has helped with my anxiety and pain which I didn't think would happen. I take 100mg a day but I find I can't sleep on these so I take 50mg in the morning (8am) and again at 4pm so that by 9pm I can take my melatonin and go to sleep. I've heard long term use causes horrible withdrawals so I'll prob take it for another week and should be good as new. So in conclusion if you got anxiety and really bad back pain or pain in general, I'd recommend it but only for short term use.”2020For Depression:		“Took first dose 2 years ago. Was 1 year sober (alcohol) and took unprescribed for pain. Took 2 weeks to go 300mg/day. 6 months later at 800mg/day; had 2 seizures. After I maintained at 600mg/day for 8 months. Was happy, energetic, and productive. Wanted out, not willing to give up benefits. Then pandemic came/shut down my source. Self-tapered, now at 100mg/day, can’t taper further without physical withdrawal. Altered mental state to point of suicidal ideations during taper. Works as antidepressant, very addicting. Wish had never taken. I read these forums when I first started experimenting and thought I could manage it. I was wrong. I guess it treats everyone a little differently, but if this post could persuade one person to get out of it before it’s too late then I have my purpose for posting. Please be very careful with this drug, I am still in so much psychological pain unlike anything I’ve experienced since getting sober.”2020For Anxiety:		“I've been taking low doze transform for a long time for pain and klonopin for anxiety.   I can wake up with anxiety so bad I can't talk so now I asked my doc to up it.   He said,  and google it,  take tramadol with 2 Tylenol it ups it.   I don't know but it sure helps anxiety.  I hardly take it now.  I had to google to see that it does help people.. I'm not stopping!”2020For Anxiety:		“Works great for my anxiety and mood”2020For Anxiety:		“Like many others I was initially prescribed this for pain but found its major benefit was in treating my longstanding anxiety. I have come off the SSRIs and only use 50mg Tramadol as required, Certainly not every day or even every week. I have no side effects and definitely no dependency. Given the amazingly positive reviews from anxiety sufferers I am very suspicious of the bad press this drug receives - it must not be a profitable one for the drug companies.”2020For Pain:		“Tramadol disgusting.  It ruins the lives of people. I know of someone who was on it and it made them psychotic and addicted. There entire life is stuffed up due to this medicine and it shouldn’t exist”2020For Anxiety:		“I never usually respond with comments but feel I must in this case as a duty to help others with anxiety. I realise there are different forms of anxiety?
I too suffered anxiety for about 30 years. 
I exercise regularly, run, cycle, meditate, gym work, eat all the recommended foods...all the "right things".
I have been on several serotonin medications which made symptoms worse, almost suicidal, until accustomed after a month.  But only partially successful.
I had a new knee operation last year and took a Tramadol-Paracetamol combination for pain for a few weeks (37mg Tramadol per pill, 2, pills 3 times daily. 
Also with the depression/anxiety meds.
The anxiety totally disappeared.
Now I am on  50mg Tramadol nightly, and no other medication, and I have felt so good for 3 months, and no negative side-effects.  I have a new life.
I will think about trying 25mg (half tablet) daily
My doctor is surprised, but is happy to prescribe based on my feedback !!”2020For Anxiety:		“I've been taking Tramadol for about 5 years now. I was initially taking it for shoulder pain from a fall. At the time I was taking clonezapam for anxiety along with the tramadol for pain. I no longer take the clonezapam. I take the tramadol for pain and anxiety, I take 50 millegrams and I have had no side effects, I can go days or even weeks without it. It works for me.”2020For Anxiety:		“Tramadol helped me tremendously to feel more present and thus less anxious. It is a good idea to expose people to tramadol in low to moderate dosage.
Psychiatrists are under pressure to exclude it and are backed by "research" funded by pharma companies that recommend "their" drugs. 
Where is the money, you ask? Nobody wants to hear about how tramadol helped your depression and or anxiety.
Pharma doesn't send  your psychiatrist  to Maui to prescribe tramadol for your depression. 
It is sad that such a powerful medication, not less habitual or addictive than the other stuff, is labeled as addictive, habit forming and plain dangerous.
Those who know tramadol  (up to 100 mg a day, or just 50mg) will attest to its life changing qualities. Much less anxiety and much better spirits.”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I’ve been using Tramadol 50mg for around 5 months for chronic low back pain & peripheral neuropathy in hands & feet. 
I have tried Palexia & Oxycodone in the past, but they offer me minimal pain relief with lots of side effects. 
Tramadol is the only thing I’ve found to keep my pain levels down. I take both SR & IR forms. 
Only side effect is that they keep me awake at night, so I don’t take them near bed time. I don’t experience any nausea, dizziness, etc like with other pain meds. I can stop these & don’t experience any withdrawal.
To work, these are dependant on you having specific liver function to process the breakdown of active ingredients.I’m lucky that these work well for, but if you don’t have the right liver enzymes then these may not work at all for you or cause nasty side effects -as some have noted. You won’t know though unless you try.”2020For Back Pain:		“Tramadol started out ok but after a week my body got used to it and didn't seem to help”2020For Back Pain:		“Switched to APO Tramacet after using T4s , when I was in bad pain I could take 10 pills a day like it was baby aspirin and the doctors would not give me anything stronger. I have learned to just live in pain and tapered down to as needed, to make my monthly fill last. I get generic I’m Canada and the APO ones work good but the MINT Tramacet must be placebo pills so I went back exchange for a different brand, so you don’t get the APO ones”2020For Pain:		“My doctor gave me tramadol after having 2 teeth extracted & it didn’t help one bit, it actually made my pain worse & made it throb harder than ever. It had the exact opposite effect on me & made me feel 100 times worse. No thank you! Doctors prescribe tramadol because they refuse to give out norcos that actually work! Get you to keep coming back, for “pain relievers” that don’t work, just to keep adding up that doctor bill! Can’t just prescribe norcos & save both people time & save the patient money from trying rubbish that just does NOT work!”2020For Depression:		“The SNRI metabolite for Tramadol yields most of the anti-depressant action. More mental and emotional energy.  Personally, I haven't noticed any addictive quality at all. I have used other hard pain relievers (Oxycontin and Fentanyl) in the past, so I know my Tramadol is not like those. Also I have used Tramadol for 8 years at 400 mg/day; I have experienced NO tolerance-building; I don't have to increase the dose. Psychiatric usefulness definitive.”2020For Pain:		“Years ago this medicine worked. Now, pharmaceutical companies seem to be removing whatever ingredients that help the pain go away. If you want to feel any relief whatsoever, taking 2 is a joke. I feel weak, tired, depressed and like I have the flu. It is almost as if they are trying to get us to hate it. Not a surprise though.”2020For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I had RLS since my 20s I am 50 now. My legs started hurting and moving and my doctor didn't understand so I just suffered and thought I was crazy. Until in my 30s my dad gave me a tramadol for a bladder infection and it WORKED ON BOTH!!!! I have taken this medicine for 20 years. It's a pain in the butt , but if it wasn't for this medication I would not have been a productive person. I have interstitial cystitis of the bladder and for some reason tramadol helps with both..... unfortunately I've had to cut back cause of my doctor now I'm having some pain and twitching at night. But my old doctor have me amitriptyline at night and that helped the tramadol last longer. Good luck to anyone with RLS it had been a pain in my life.....”2020For Depression:		“I have suffered from depression for years, and also have PTSD. Last year my depression became much, much worse. I was in tears most of the day, no positivity with anything and to the point where I was contemplating suicide. I had tried so many medications and CBT , nothing worked. I was given these tramadol for my depression and they worked within hours. I could not believe that one little tablet could have such a drastic effect. I now take 50mg in the morning and 50mg at night, I have never taken more. I have no side effects and can honestly say that Tramadol saved my life. I know that it does and will not work this way for everyone, this is just my experience with them and I am truly grateful.”2020For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for back pain due to a motor cycle accident. I was in agonising pain and I had tried all sorts of physio therapy and nothing was working so my doctor gave me Tramadol.
It made a massive difference to my life , I was able to function again .I took 6 x 50g a day , so I took 100g morning , afternoon and before bed . Tramadol helped me from going insane and provided me to be able to function and get on with my life .After 3 years  I decided to stop the tramadol as my back pain had got so much better , WARNING it was the worst 3 weeks of my life , Withdrawal symptoms were horrendous , shakes , cravings , stomach cramps , nausea , body aching all over , constant sneezing , insomnia and have been left with restless legs. Some people say withdrawal from this drug is manageable , NOT FOR ME , I would never ever take Tramadol again for this reason .”2020For Depression:		“I've been prescribed EVERY anti-depressant known. I have what is knows as Treatment Resistant Depression. I stumbled across Tramadol 7 years ago and WOW, after an hour, energy, happy, feel like I can do things again after 20 years. Haven't had to increase the dosage after 7 years. This medicine has saved my life. After I take it, my wife says my eyes aren't blood shot, my mood is like it was 30 years ago, and now working full time and building a business up on the side! It's helping my Psoratic Arthritis which I had to increase to 300mg's a day since being diagnosed in 2017”2020For Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol over 10 years ago for lower back pain, 50 mg 4X a day, with the information that it was 1) non-narcotic and 2) non-addictive.  Online research has shown me that both these features were incorrect.  I first tried it at bedtime, and was unable to sleep, so put it away for about a year.  However, I later tried it to help with minor discomforts associated with exercise, and have found it quite effective for this, at a much lower dose, about 1/2 pill (25 mg) every hour or so.  I exercise a lot, and have occasionally taken up to 200mg in a day, although the average is about 50mg.  At this level, I have had no adverse side effects or dependency issues.  I don't regard it as a heavy-duty pain killer, but for my purposes it has been a blessing.”2020For Anxiety:		“Tramadol does wonders to treat anxiety. If you do a search online you will find  stories of horrible side effects and withdrawal symptoms. But keep in mind that happens when taken way too much per day. I stick to 50-100mg per day”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have serious pain in my feet due to pes cavus (high arches). The pain is in the metatarsals of both feet, but especially the dominant right foot. Before retirement I took 400 mg of Tramadol every morning to get me through the day, teaching high-school English. My teaching style was peripatetic, continually on my feet in order to manage my classes. Moreover, it was so painful to drive, I had to use a specially designed hand tool to depress the brake pedal. Tramadol got me through the last five years of my job. (The pain didn't kick in until I was in my fifties). I had no side effects. Tramadol is still effective for me, but it is hard to get a prescription. When there's an "opioid epidemic," everyone must suffer.”2020For Back Pain:		“Please be careful whilst taking Tramadol as I became Addicted to them!!!!!!!
Wish I never took it , I was given tramadol by my doctor after I was in a serious car accident which led to severe back pain. Yes it did work and yes I felt great on it but I started to get dependant on it .
As my back started to heal and I started to take less of them but I hated the way I felt , tired , dizzy , no energy , so I continued to put the dose back up so I could feel normal . I was on them for 3 years and started to develop depression , I decided to come off them so I “cold turkey “ ok not the right decision but I was too embarrassed to tell the doctor I was addicted to them , It took me 16 days to come off them with the most horrendous withdrawal symptoms , I am over it now and feel so much better  that I can get on with my life without the craving of Tramadol. I just want to share this to let people know , if you are on Tramadol please be careful .”2020Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Ultram for 15 years. I started with 150mg a day and l am up to 350mg daily. If l do not take it every 5-6 hours l start feeling sleepy and irritable. Worst of all my pain comes back two fold. I cannot stand up straight due to the severe pain and weakness in both my legs. I had a  lumbar fusion  that has left me with neurological leg weakness and SI joint pain.. l have severe DJD and arthritis.
I was recently changed to a generic type of Ultram.  I feel like l am withdrawal all the time .
How do l get my pharmacy to replace this generic garbage?”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I am 31 years old and I have had chronic back and neck pain since I was 14. I have been prescribed different medications over the years. Tramadol seems to help me the most for what I need. There are other medications that are more powerful but have worse side effects and I need to be sharp minded enough to do my job. Tramadol takes away about 70% of my pain and allows me to function. I also feel happier when I’m on it, probably just because I’m not in agonizing pain. I wrote this review because so many people say tramadol doesn’t work but it actually helps some of us function a normal life. Withdraw symptoms are manageable.”2020For Depression:		“The tramadol helped my depression for a while. I took it on at off (50 mg per day) with various antidepressants.  I would feel effects about 2 hours in, but they would fade quickly - and they never fully took away symptoms.  I then started taking 2 (50mg) per day - one before getting up to help morning mood and then one later in the day.  This was not effective at all.  I've now been on the 2X per day dose for a month and am tapering down to 1 per day for a week, then will go to 1/2 per day for a week and stop.  I'm going to try pregabalin as my depression has some anxiety and that might help?”2020For Pain:		“This tramadol is THE WORST drug I have ever taken! Was given for hip pain and it sent me to the ER dangerously short of breath to the point of almost being intubated. I have COPD and Asthma. This is a very dangerous drug for people with these conditions. BTW it did nothing for my hip pain. DO NOT TAKE THIS DRUG!”2020For Depression:		“Nothing better for depression at low doses up to 100mg.
Best of all it starts working within 60 min.
To avoid tolerance and/or addiction just rest 1 or 2 days a week.”2020For Back Pain:		“I took one Tramadol pill  for my Severe spinal stenosis
and an hour later the room begin to spin and I vomited continuously for 12 hours and had to be hospitalized for 2 days. Terrible medicine.”2020For Pain:		“Works for pain but gives me the worst nausea ever worst feeling.”2020For Back Pain:		“tramadol was worthless for my back pain. This drug is pushed by drug companies to replace narcotics that, with responsible use, actually relieve pain very well. Tramadol is called "baby aspirin" by many people who have been pushed into using it. Meanwhile, Tramadol includes ingredients that can cause suicidal thoughts or a potentially lethal serotonin syndrome when it interacts with other medications. It did nothing to relieve my lower back pain after a hard fall. I have been in agony. I will never use Tramadol again because there's no point in taking a useless drug that contains negative side effects.”2020For Pain:		“Apparently up to 10% of the population has an enzyme..or lack of..that makes tramadol ineffective.  No relief at all. Might as well take a M&M. Its addictive and habit forming so don't be fooled..that's why it's a controlled substance. It's all in how the dr prescribes it. Morphine is strong but at 100 mg dose but they also come in 10mg so that's a "low dose", it's all really how its dosed... Oxy down to hydrocodone. I read an article about a Harvard ED doc who said the best one was MSIR..morphine immediate release for even pain on a scale of 5 to 10. He will never use tramadol. And kids under 18 shouldn't even have it..that says something to me! I've seen 8 yr olds on Norco! Sorry all the bad people ruined it for the rest of us who need it for chronic pain or occasionally for acute pain.”2020For Depression:		“I have been using it for years. It relieves depression. But keep the dose lower because it is addictive.”2020For Depression:		“I actually found  tramadol worked for depression while being treated for pain in back. Noticed how great I began to feel. No depression and actually felt like myself for the first time in years. So I actually had a long talk with my psychiatrist and after showing him several articles from various sources, the NEJM for one and much more and telling him of my experience why using it for pain and how it uplifted me he finally agreed to it on a trial bases. I haven’t looked back since. Now I still take my other depression meds. The tramadol is in additional drug. Yes it is addictive and no I don’t care. Your body will start showing signs of tolerance and you made need to adjust your dosage over time. I recommend starting on the lowest dosage that works for this reason. Do not abuse it because it makes you feel high or buzzed. This will increase the quickness in tolerance and you will eventually run in to the ceiling on daily maximum dosage”2020Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have a several health issues including Fibromyalgia. My Specialist had tried everything on me and nothing gave me any relief. Once they put me on this medication I was actually able to get up and move. I had to change one of my Doctors and she didn’t want me on this high of a dosage. Since lowering the mg. And it not being extended release I am back to having chronic pain.”2020For Back Pain:		“I have been prescribed Tramadol for 10 years for Thoracic
spinal pain for which this drug has worked great. I take 100mg up to 200mg in split dosage every 12 hours. Now
everything I read says withdraw is hard. I have come off of it many times for up to 10 days and have had no adverse effects other than my pain coming back. I guess everyone is different.”2020For Depression:		“I was prescribed Tramadol 50mg a day for chronic pain and found it also cleared my foggy head and low energy.  This has been a life changer for me. I've gone from sitting looking at a pile of work thinking, I just don't have the energy to do this, to wow getting everything done and more.  I was not depressed, my foggy head and low energy is from chronic inflammation, arthritis, insomnia and autoimmune disorder.  GP does not understand so just keep taking them for the pain with the wonderful side effect of getting my life back.”2020GenRx Tramadol (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Just got my refill, and these are different pills than I usually take, which are white oval TV 58 tablets. This new refill is of white round AN 627 tablets. I normally have adequate coverage of my chronic back, sciatic, and arthritic joint pain, but this refill has been completely ineffective. Except for lack of withdrawal symptoms, it is as if I am taking no pain medication at all.”2020For Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol since 4 years. Tramadol helps me a lot when it comes to my IBS (irritable bowel syndrome). Usually, I take just one or two before going out. I can swear this stops any and all bowel movements for the day within an hour or two of taking it. It helps a lot with my stomach pain (that is part of IBS flare ups). 
It also decreases my appetite a little but it’s important to eat so as not to feel nauseous.
 I feel like it can lower the vision power a little .
Also, it brings about the feeling of euphoria and relaxation but I don’t find it all that addicting. I can stop if needed. 

It brings about feeling of optimism in you, which is wonderful.

Not many docs will even prescribe them anymore. That’s sad. Just give us the freedom to make our own choices..”2020For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol slow release since 2007. I have been taking 400mg a day slow release since 2009  thats ten years. Thats 100mg SR every 6 hrs. I am now 70yo and still have the continuous, chronic neuropathic pain that started 10 years ago. I start the day with coffee and a long walk at 5am then attend to my chores. By midday I am fatigued and need to sleep. Exactly same routine every day. It is after the sleep in the afternoon the break thru pain is greatest. It seems I have tolerance to the drug and the morning exercise catches up in the afternoon..I have 20 tablets endone every 6 mths for breakthru pain so I have to be very disciplined not to use it up. Occasionally I will toss in one extra tramadol tablet if the pain is uncontrollable. I have started to get old age body pain which, the tramadol will not protect me from?. I don't understand this.. I am running out of alternatives. Break thru pain is crippling both mentally and physically. I cannot function with it.”2020For Anxiety:		“Tramadol is the 1st med  that really helped my anxiety!”2020