For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia during my junior year of high school when I was 16 years old. I am now 20. Since then I have been on every medication imaginable, seriously no joke. The one medicine that never failed me and always helped with managing my pain was tramadol. I live by it, especially during the winter months. I have been on Lyrica and it worked but on doses above 100mg you gain an extreme amount of weight very quickly, I went from 160 to 210lbs due to it. However, I recommend gabapentin if you need another pain medicine that is a nerve relaxant and that helped a bit with the pain. ”2013For Back Pain:		“It worked ok but it made me kind of jittery. I think it may be because I take other medicines like Flexeril for a muscle relaxer. It also keeps me from sleeping good.”2013For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I really had  been suffering this complex and less studied disorder which can seriously affect your efficacy. Fortunately I shifted to a country were no good COX-2 inhibitors were available for my on and off back pain so I was given tramadol 50mg twice daily. Once I took a cap after 2 hours I find my legs quite fine and sensation free, which I used to have for a decade on and off  ”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol works as expected. It does just enough so I can remain functional without stepping up to stronger painkillers. Tramadol only works for me if I take the doses consistently. When I first started taking Tramadol it took about a week for the medicine to be fully effective.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“It doesn't work that great for pain but it does wonders for restless leg syndrome and stuff similar to that”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia 2 days ago and prescribed Tramadol at that time. I have already noticed that I have more energy, am thinking more clearly and am able to concentrate better. I experienced some flushing in the chest and face, but no itching or burning. I have noticed an odd feeling at night-I take Seroquel to sleep-but nothing negative. I woke up this morning with very little pain and felt rested for the first time in over 15-years! I feel younger and more energetic than my 37 years. These side-effects are minor and so far I am happy with the medication AND my doctor!”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have taken ultram for years on and off. I HATE IT.it was made only to take the edge off.  I have fibrmyalgia,statica caused by Lipoma caused. By sitting on my static nerve, arthritis, .neuropathy,endometreosis. And bipolar disorder ultram almost. Caused me to commit suicide it reacted so bad with my Paxil for bipolar.it is the worst pain drug ever made.if it works for u great but it didn't work and created all sorts of problems. BEWARE! !!!!!”2013For Chronic Pain:		“I'm lucky. I got Tramadol 150mg (super strong) after breaking my tibia. With an external fixer, some nights are trouble free, others I don't sleep at all for the chronic pain. The only effective pain relief til now has been the Tramadol. I only use them when nothing else works, and nothing else works, quite like Tramadol. Luckily I don't suffer from too many side effects (except drowsiness) But 150mg is a strong dose, knocks me right out. some people also need antiemetics to tolerate them as they commonly cause nausea. As far as I know, Tramadol is one level down from morphine in the treatment of chronic pain. ”2013For Anxiety:		“I've been suffering from Social anxiety disorder for years since I was 10 years old, I'm 24 now. As I got older I have been experiencing very perturbing intrusive thoughts, which I never had experienced before. Tramadol actually totally diminished them intrusive thoughts and additionally, I'm on Mirtazapine so they're effectively beneficial.”2013For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been on Tramadol for eight years now and could not function without it. I have uncontrollable movement sometimes all day long if I don't medicate starting when I wake up each day.  Presently I have to take the threshold amount of 400mg each day and now I need to take more to control the symptoms but I don't care because it works.  I was taking gabapentin as well but it makes me dizzy, gives headaches, and can't stay awake. Prefer tramadol.  Worried what I will do when it won't work any longer because of the volume I need to take for effects.  My restless legs syndrome is so severe I couldn't live or want to live without a prescription to control it.  Such a feeling of nerve pain it is intolerable.  ”2013For Pain:		“I am prescribed this for chronic neck/shoulder pain. My doctor gave me this instead of a straight narcotic, Tramadol 50mg tabs 2 or as needed 3 x a day.
I also take Lexapro 25mg 1xday. Just using Lexapro erased my depression symptoms, after starting tramadol. I find I am hugely motivated at work, I have a fairly physical job and it can be draining but with this not only is the pain controlled my mood is "Mr. work". It really makes me more productive and happy able to get up in the morning without the hangover of Percocet. Much more alert and able to tackle heavy work that guys 15 years younger whine about.
Highly recommended.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Got me through weeks of heavy summer lifting at work.  ”2013For Pain:		“I have been taking tramadol for about 4 months. A few months ago I was diagnosed with Connective Tissue Disorder. I was given 800mg of Ibuprofen and 50mg of Tramadol. I was to take 1 pill every 6 hours. Most of the time I would take it once a day. I have been off tramadol for about 3 days, and the worst part is restless legs syndrome. Right now I am taking NyQuil so I can get some sleep. If it wasn't for the restless legs syndrome, the withdrawal process wouldn't be a problem. I have a doctors appointment in a few days, so I should be okay once I am back on my medicines.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Takes care of my chronic knee pain. Due to cancer, I am not a candidate for a replacement at this time, though I am need of them. Tramadol keeps me from suffering. I usually take 2 daily, prescription is for 4 daily. I up it to three if I have a day where I am very active. Everything has side effects and I can live with Tramadol. I like that I can drive and go to work while taking it.”2013For Pain:		“I've been taking tramadol for 6 years to help with my neuropathy. It does work great for me, but the trick is you have to take it before the pain gets really bad. I found in MY experience that it does not work well for tooth aches, migraines or any other acute pain.”2013For Pain:		“I suffer from atypical trigeminal neuralgia after a wisdom tooth removal. I have been on the same dose of tramadol and tapentadol for 2 years with no development of tolerance and limited gastrointestinal side effects. Excellent regimen from an excellent doctor.”2013For Back Pain:		“I think my review could be helpful to some. Recently I had a severe issue with my back. I was prescribed 2 things at 2 different times: Lortab 7.5 and tramadol 50 mg. At first I took the (opiate) Lortab only to relieve pain. Anyhow, I knew I'd run out of them eventually, and I did. Today the expected withdrawal began: rebound pain, tense & achy legs, bad stomach and weakness. Typical opiate withdrawal. I worked all day like that. Tonight I decided to take a tramadol, to see if it'd relieve the yucky withdrawal. WOW! After 1 hour I feel like a totally new person. An amazing change. It works better than I expected. Like all medicines, you're a fool if you take more than prescribed.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I took two tramadol and had the best night's sleep for longer than I can remember.  I have chronic back pain I got from from when I was younger where I was in a tournament fight. I am 40 now with a kid and working 50 plus hours per week (mostly sitting down). I have taken everything and been in physical therapy and nothing seems to work.  I hate being in a fog of the other narcotics. I want to enjoy my life and my family not be oblivious to it.  This is amazing. I don't want side effects so I'll keep it to a minimum.”2013Ultram ODT (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have the same problem (among others) and I was at a level 9, and 3 x 50mg tablets daily has taken me to a level 2. I have no side effects to speak of. Works great for me!”2013For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've been on everything to control my restless legs syndrome- most recently switched from 2mg of ropinirole (Requip) to 50mg tramadol. So far so good - the Requip had worked well for the restless legs syndrome, but left me feeling nauseous and just kind of icky all the time, and I never felt clear-headed the next day. So far, I've awakened feeling much more refreshed with the tramadol, but I don't believe the 50mg dose will be adequate, as I've woken up each night around 3 am with symptoms.  For the past few nights I've dosed at 100mg and have slept great.  Good stuff.”2013For Chronic Pain:		“I have severe endometriosis, frequent ovarian cysts, pain from Crohn's, as well as some unexplained abdominal pain. I've been dealing with this for close to 5 years and have been in and out of the ER, seeing doctors weekly, missing work and just had an overall poor life due to all the pain. I've been put on every narcotic pain medication out there and still was having pain, it seemed like nothing would touch it. My doctor suggested getting a hysterectomy and I was devastated because I was only 25 without children. His one last attempt was tramadol. It is a miracle for me. I was so happy that I found this and my quality of life has improved 100 fold.”2013For Pain:		“Okay first 48 hrs. Then hives and welts over chest and trunk area and neck.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol for a while for endometriosis.  It works okay. It makes me extremely restless though and after about 8 hrs I get really nauseated and end up vomiting.  It does help with the pain though. Not completely.”2013For Anxiety:		“I have had pretty bad anxiety over the past 5 years, had occasional panic attacks and trouble leaving my comfort zone. I was on Lexapro, which did nothing but make me fat.  I also have a bulged disc and was prescribed this in lieu of stronger opiates like Vicodin and Percocet.  To me this medicine is a miracle.  I am happy always, never anxious, and never feel uncomfortable, even when I am doing things I don't enjoy.  

”2013For Chronic Pain:		“I have venous insufficency in my legs. I take 50 mg. twice a day. Tramadol makes it so I can be on my feet. Otherwise my legs and feet ache so badly! If I miss a dose I'm achey. This medicine is amazing. And you don't feel weird on it. I dread the thought of not having it, pain makes me feel so weary.”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol is my miracle. I've had fibromyalgia for about 6 yrs, but I've had depression & anxiety my whole life, sometimes severe. This not only combats that tricky fibromyalgia pain but makes me feel better emotionally. I find that my focus is better, my mind sees things with more clarity (maybe because I'm not in pain) & my depression is nil. Traditional opiates don't work for my type of physical pain and I hate their tiring effect. Tramadol doesn't cause fatigue- for me, it eliminates it without making me jumpy or manic. Just a nice, clean energy. I keep my dose at or under the prescribed-for-me dosage. Along with Lyrica, it has saved me from a life of fibromyalgia pain, anxiety & unnecessary depression.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“I have found that this medication not only relieves my chronic pain but I am able to take it and still work- I could not do that with the standard narcotic pain relievers which are typically prescribed. Thanks to my doctor's recommendation of this medicine I am able to live a much less painful and much more fulfilling life.”2013For Pain:		“More powerful than I thought... dr prescribed this to treat scoliosis pain in a 'non narcotic way'. It helped my back pain greatly. I was also in a great mood in the beginning. I thought it was wonderful (despite a constant minor headache)! As the months went on, I no longer had that wonderful feeling and needed the tramadol to function. NEVER went over prescribed dose (50 mg 3 times per day). When I had to take it at 7:30 am so I could get out of bed at 8:00, I knew it was a problem. Seems you can become dependent without really knowing it. BAD withdrawals that lasted over a month (I was on it 11 months).”2013For Pain:		“Tramadol is amazing when it comes to what its prescribed to do which is relieve pain. I have an ulcer on the back of my tongue and tonsillitis. The ulcer is rubbing against both my throat and my tonsils causing inflammation and severe pain when I try to talk, eat or drink. Which is where the positive 7 out of 10 comes from.

However I took three off of the total possible 10 because of side effects. I'm drowsy and doze off in the middle of conversations and/or working. I'm currently fighting to keep my eyes open at the computer and its almost ten in the morning. I am taking an average 50mg Dosage. I will probably cut in half just to save my drowsiness from happening or take it only before bed.”2013For Anxiety:		“I was having severe menstrual cramps, and took this.  Though it did nothing for my pain, the effect it had on my mood was amazing.  I have suffered with severe mood issues most of my adult life, and none of the many antidepressants I have tried did anything to help.  Within an hour of taking it, I felt normal for the first time in 15 years.  I talked to my physician, and she agreed to prescribe it off label to treat my mood disorder. I have been taking the same dose of 50 mg, three times a day for the last three years, and I am doing great.”2013For Pain:		“I have to take more than the normal dosage for any pain to be relieved. I do not take it every day though. However, you notice when the tramadol is leaving your system when you take an extra pill or two because the pain will come back threefold. Also, I have no clue why,  but I have trouble peeing after taking tramadol no matter what the dose, it's weird.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I was prescribed tramadol for chronic lower back pain, it makes me drowsy but the pain is still there. I can't really describe it, it's like a sensation of knowing the pain is there but not letting it affect you.”2013For Pain:		“Works well for my bad hip, using with Celebrex. Also cured my depression that I used to take an antidepressant for but stopped because of the side effects.”2013For Chronic Pain:		“Had been taking 10mg Percocet for a long time and these work just as well if not better without the side effects.”2013For Back Pain:		“Been using naproxen almost daily for years, for back and hand related near chronic pain-partially due to inflammation and swelling.  Had to stop taking ALL NSAID's on orders from my GI Dr. 
USED 3,000mg daily ACETAMENOPHEN FOR 3 MONTHS-much less effective than min dose naproxen had been for pain and useless for inflammation/swelling  (using large doses of omega 3/fish oil for inflammation.)
Started tramadol about 2 weeks ago, noticed difference over acetamenophen alone in the first 2 days while taking 25mg at a time and still ramping up to 4x daily.  Now I take it every 6 hours, and if I miss a dose-especially the last one at night-significant pain and stiffness returns. Hope to switch to extended release version.”2013For Depression:		“I too am very treatment-resistant to all the conventional antidepressants.  Before I moved to another state, I had a psych doctor who was a good listener.  When I told him that the only time I recall not being depressed was when I had tramadol, he said "well, let's try that". For two years I used it, and felt good: motivated, engaged, curious about things.  If I did stop it cold turkey, I'd have a few days of lethargy before settling back to my blah baseline.

The main side effect is that if I took too much, my short term memory got really bad, and I'd just get sort of dumb.

”2013For Anxiety:		“I have tried EVERYTHING for my anxiety (my symptoms stem from post traumatic stress disorder, but have also been labeled as generalized anxiety disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder and social anxiety). Nothing has worked (aside from Benzodiazepines, which I avoid because of the sedative effect), other than Tramadol. I take 50mg a day. Recently I worried that I would run out so I tapered off of it- and my anxiety resurged with a vengeance. I never developed any tolerance for this medication- it has worked well for me for a year. The only negative has been when I mix it with alcohol. It didn't have much effect on the social anxiety but it worked great in general.”2013For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I'm a 40 yr. old with arthritis in both my knees (hereditary). I only take pain medication when I can't stand the pain while working out. But it does WORK! I LOVE IT, AND I HOPE IT CONTINUES TO WORK FOR ME.”2013For Pain:		“Tramadol has been a great help with my wrist pain. I have found it is important to take the dose before the pain starts. I use this product mostly at bed time and sometimes if the pain gets to much for me during the day. It's nice to have a medicine I can use at work if needed without the issues of Narcotics to make the pain stop, giving me focus on tasks at hand. Great product.”2013For Pain:		“My primary gave me a prescription for tramadol after an ER visit from a sports injury. ER gave me a narcotic which caused stomach pain and very depressed feeling the next day. I am very active physically everyday 5k, 18 holes of golf, swimming on a consistent basis, not all in one day .I must say tramadol is great because it does not slow me down. I take it in afternoon and it keeps me pain free all night. If I stop it, very mild side effects a little like flu symptoms that do not last more than a day. Warning do not take an SSRI with other depression meds or benzodiazepines because it can cause heart problems and cause an acute crisis of heart failure.”2013For Pain:		“I have been suffering from pain from Tennis Elbow. Now, no pain; but be careful with dosage. I was groggy for 51hrs fooling with one 100mg dose when I was supposed to be taking it 3 times a day. ”2013For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I was given 50mg of tramadol 3x a day, initially for restless leg syndrome. This combined with gabapentin have helped so much with the restless legs syndrome. I also have chronic hip pain, have been dealing with it since I was a young child, due to my hips dislocating multiple times a month. This medicine works well, but I have had to have my doctor up the dose. I now take 300mg a day. I do have to say, that the side effects are terrible. I itch horribly! My whole body, but the worst place is my face! It also has made it so that I am unable to sleep at nights. It's worth it to not be in pain, and to lay down comfortably, but the side effects for me are bad!”2013For Anxiety:		“I've suffered from depression spells, and mood disorders, but have had CHRONIC anxiety/panic attacks my whole life. I've taken a benzodiazepine for countless years, which worked well for some of these things but not all. Over the years I tried many different supplement meds typically prescribed for these issues, but none worked or they had horrible side effects on me. So my doctor suggested Tramadol--I asked how this could even work (a pain medicine)? He explained its an off-label use of the medication but has found it very successful in other similar psychiatric patients and how he researched and explained how it chemically works in the brain (which I didn't really understand)...but IT WORKS AMAZINGLY! I finally live a NORMAL and HAPPY life!”2013For Back Pain:		“Cervical fusion C5-C6 after a car accident in 1987.  Recent MRI show one cervical disc pressing on the spinal cord, and degeneration in remaining disks.  Constant pain varies from a low of 2 to almost a Show-stopping 10.  Most severe pain is right after getting out of bed, or low activity.  Best feeling is when exercising or doing semi-hard work.  Tramadol taken at 50mm doses 2x a day is the only pain medication that helps, aside from narcotics, which I refuse to take.”2013For Back Pain:		“I started taking Tramadol 50 mg twice daily - due to disc extrusion and severe leg pain.
I am now on 200 mg in the morning and another 200 mg at dinner time.
I would not be able to get out of bed if I did not take Tramadol, its an amazing difference it made also on my leg pain.
Some side effects are, headaches and drowsiness”2013For Back Pain:		“This medication has helped tremendously since I started taking it last week. Just the drowsiness is the downside, this medicine works better than Vicodin, Percocet, etc.”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“I have struggled with many strong meds to help with the pain. All of them would have to keep increasing to work.
Tramadol has given me my life back. I have been taking it for 2 years, and it worked immediately.”2013“Works great for lowering heart rate with Postural Orthostatic Tachycardia Syndrome (POTS). I've been taking Tramadol over a year now and it's been helping tremendously!”2013For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I suffer day, night, evening, whenever it strikes with restless legs syndrome. I can't even sit through a movie at the theater anymore, but with the help of tramadol I can. It has made life so much easier. I don't like the sleepy side effects but compared with fidgety legs its a no brainer.”2013For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol relieves most pain effectively without drowiness. It is also very cost effective”2013For Vulvodynia:		“Amazing relief!  I had to take two 50mg pills at once for it to work.  Works the best out of any medication I have tried.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I've been taking tramadol for back and knee pain from a motorcycle accident for over a year, it is a great pain reliever that eliminates 90% of my pain issues without making me feel drowsy like hydrocodone or oxycodone. It controls my pain and I still live my normal life.”2013For Chronic Pain:		“Occasional itching of skin, even though I take allergy medicines, occasional headache, not as frequent as itching.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I had arthroscopic rotator cuff surgery Feb 25th 2013 and my surgeon prescribe me 10mg Vicodin 6 times per day.  After 4 weeks and "wanting to get me off of narcotics" he changed my prescription to 50mg Tramadol 4 times day.  Honestly I believe that I am now receiving 1/10 the relief from pain that the Vicodin were providing. ”2013For Anxiety:		“I have post traumatic stress disorder. Helped flashbacks.”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol worked at first for awhile... But not now, I'm ready to ask for something new because I am tired of being in bed rest.”2013For Pain:		“I went to a orthopedic surgeon due to carpal tunnel in my left handed, which is my writing etc. hand. Doctor said surgery was the only way to go.  I started doing research on the computer adamant not to have surgery.  A doctor prescribed me tramadol 50 mg. Took for 3 weeks 1 x daily and ate pineapples daily along with zinc, garlic and muscle joint cream and within a month I am back to normal.  Its amazing what you can learn.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Ultram is the only medication I can take for pain that doesn't make me sick.  Lortab, Norco, etc. all make me sick at my stomach. Darvocet used to be what I preferred as it didn't make me feel sick, hate that it was taken off the market. But after hand surgery and being prescribed Ultram, it's nice to know there is a pain medication out there that works and doesn't make me throw up. Highly recommend.”2013For Chronic Pain:		“It works for migraine headaches, back pain, osteoarthritis pain.  Using Ultram 50mg to 300mg daily.  When I had surgery I took Ultram 100 mg four times a day and my pain was controlled.  Great medication.”2013For Anxiety:		“Great for Post traumatic stress disorder symptoms.”2013For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“Best pain meds I have had to date! Side effects extremely sleepy and sweating!”2013For Anxiety:		“Excellent medication for anxiety that my Psychiatrist prescribed to me. Also, helps my depression.”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“Moderate”2013For Fibromyalgia:		“Worked great for my fibro pain, but if I miss a dose I am very ill, everything from restless legs syndrome, pain all over, diarrhea, coughing and sneezing, and insomnia.”2013For Pain:		“Taking Tramadol for damaged cartilage and patella tendonitis. Works fairly well for pain. It seems  to take a while to kick in. I've been extremely irritable since starting to take it. Overall a fairly decent experience.”2013For Back Pain:		“This medication eases the back pain and not much dosage is needed to achieve this. I rather take this than Vicodin or Percocet. They seem to be way more addictive. Tramadol has also given me more confidence and had eased my social anxiety. Just don't quit cold turkey, the effects are less than pleasant. Lower your dosage until you reach like 50 mg a day, then stop.”2013For Pain:		“I have degenerative disc disease in my back and neck along with two shoulder surgeries. I get unbelievable tension headaches. This medication works outstanding. I have been on it for three years. I can take it at work and not get that nasty groggy feeling. I do not have to take it all of the time. I do not have any side effects except exceptional sweating in the Summer and a touch of weight gain. I would recommend this medicine to anyone.”2013For Rheumatoid Arthritis:		“I broke my back in 2004 so I take tramadol for pain relief. It works extremely well for me one of my side effects is I get a burst of energy about an hour after I take it. ”2013For Chronic Pain:		“I have been using tramadol for chronic low back pain close to five years now. I was first offered Percocet or Vicodin for relief of symptoms but declined those. It is helpful in managing my pain, at least to a point that I can "deal with it". This medication is helpful, allowing me to continue doing many things that help me distract myself from my back pain. I also no longer feel "funny" after taking it but never really felt doped up even when starting it like I did when I was prescribed Vicodin after dental work (not together with tramadol) and even my dogs knew it! Everyone's different but that is how this works for me.”2013Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“Personally the medicine worked well for chronic pleurisy pain (bad stabbing sensation in side with flu or pneumonia) but I had horrible side effects. Dazed constantly, hallucinations, cold sweats, nausea.”2013