For Depression:		“I have had major health issues all year. 3 bulging discs in my neck. Got the pain somewhat masked with multiple rounds of injections, and finally burning the nerve endings in my neck so that I am no longer waking every morning in pain. I subsequently tore a ligament in my shoulder and am now having to start physical therapy and see an orthopedic doctor. I have been taking muscle relaxers as well as Hydrocodone .  Having constant pain issues for so long has made me feel depressed, all I want to do is work and sleep. Today I went to my medicine pantry and pulled out a bottle of Tramadol that I had been prescribed previously. I took one and within an hour the fog lifted and I feel 100% better! Will be taking this daily now”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had chronic joint pain for as long as I can remember and use to eat OTC meds like asprin / Tyenol like candy to reduce the pain but it just gradually worsened over time. I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia and the start of osteoarthritis in most of my joints. I also suffer from restless leg syndrome. To my surprise , when I went into the hospital to have a heart valve replacement and bypass surgery I was given Tramadol for the pain during my recovery and I noted that about 95% of my pain from the above mention Fibromyalgia and osteoarthritis was relieved as well along with the restless leg syndrome which disappeared completely. I continue to take one tablet daily at about 6 pm and I now feel much better and sleep like a baby at night.”2015For Back Pain:		“The dose in the morning is effective for my pain but during the day when it wears off following doses are not very effective.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've RLS for more than a decade. Its hereditary. My respected mother also suffered from it. 
From last one year it became too intensive to sleep. Requip and other drugs for RLS my neurologist gave didn't work on me. My orthopedic gave me Tramadol for lower backache. SURPRISE!! My legs stopped jumping that night. Since then I'm on it. Unfortunately it doesn't cure it so I've to take it one pill 50mg every night. Dr said Tramadol is habit forming so Now I'm trying alternative medicine like homeopathy and Ayurved. Let's see. Meanwhile thanks to Tramadol that's letting me sleep.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Very little effect on pain. Have not experienced any negative side effects. This medicine may work for others, but not me.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for  slipped disc pain. It did not help one  bit. BUT-I noticed immediately how energised it made me feel. I have been suffering from decreased amounts of energy for years, to the point where I sometimes did not even have energy to breathe. 
Tramadol has changed my life. I take 50mg a day and have never needed to increase the dose. 50mg still does the job, after 4 years. It gives me 4-6 h to complete the most neccessary tasks. 
Yes, it is addictive and the daily dose is missed, the suffering is pretty intense. But so what? life wouldn't be possible without Tramadol anyway. I am greatful for the slipped disc for giving me Tramadol. Pain is NOTHING compared to debiliating fatigue.”2015For Anxiety:		“I've tried over 15 drugs for anxiety/depression. This is the only medication that worked. It works instantly. 
I wish it was prescribed long term for anxiety/depression. To avoid getting used to it and needing higher doses, I would take as need needed a few days a week. I think I used 100mg.”2015For Back Pain:		“My doctor switched me to Tramadol after Tylenol 3 started losing effectiveness. I was on Ty 3 for years, after four lumbar surgeries, two fusions, continued pain...  taking 3-4, 50 mg. Tramadol/day, trying to keep it at three. Not pain free, but at least bearable. Unless/until it wears off. 

I have joint pain, my elbows hurt. OW. Pretty sure it's caused by the drug, but right now, dealing with it.”2015For Depression:		“I was given Tramadol about 12 years ago for endometriosis and severe menstrual cramping. It has made me feel so much better overall ..it works wonders for my mood, anxiety, and depression. I am a better person because of this drug. I am motivated, and feel great ..all the time. This has changed my life for the better.”2015For Back Pain:		“If your back pain is more nerve based this can really help. Even more than very strong pain killers. It works better as it has properties that work on the nerves.
Also, I have not had to up the dose in 4 years.”2015For Back Pain:		“I was prescribed this medication (50 mg x 2 before bedtime) after I was in a bad car accident. The car accident cause two herniated discs that were pressing on a nerve root. I took this medication and absolutely could not sleep. My heart was racing as were my thoughts. Also it caused me to sweat a lot. It was absolutely terrible. I was only able to get 2-4  hoursof sleep a night. I will never take this prescription again.”2015For Pain:		“I'm allergic to codeine and NSAIDs rip my stomach apart and cause GI bleeding so this is what I take for pain. tramadol 50 mg two or three/day. I broke my foot recently and was literally screaming in pain. Took Diclofenac, tylenol, no relief. Took 100 mg tramadol and feel much better now. I had to get off Prozac to take this but I'm glad I did. Prozac made me eat all the time, I put on 20 lbs. tramadol actually suppresses my appetite which is a plus. If you take this longer then a few months make sure to taper off.”2015For Back Pain:		“pain reduces after 15 minutes. very dizzy. and very sleepy.with one 25mg each 6 hours.  Very sleepy if taken every 4 hours. pain is now at level 8 as is dizzy spells”2015For Pain:		“I think this stuff works great as long as ur not a habitual user of the stronger pain killers. I'm allergic to NSAIDs and aspirin so I can pretty much only take Tylenol and the occasional cox 2 inhibitor (Celebrex, vioxx, bextra). I took Tylenol and Celebrex yesterday for leg pains and got no relief. Used Tylenol today. No relief. I took a 50mg tramadol and pain gone!!! I have a high tolerance for certain meds but for pain, I'm an over the counter kinda gal. This is great for single doses! Maybe not for daily regime :-/.”2015For Pain:		“Good experience. Got the med a long time ago. Some people react different to tramadol. It is heavy. But in my case far more effective than other medicines.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have been on Tramadol for 8 years and it changed my life. I have chronic pain associated with spurs and deviated disks in my neck and upper back after two serious car accidents.  I used to self medicate with alcohol but once prescribed this medication I no longer drank. I am able to work full-time too. It's a true blessing. I went off of this medication two times when I got pregnant on my own cold turkey with not much a noticeable difference withdrawal wise. ok, hope this helps. I'm so thankful for this medicine.”2015For Pain:		“Worst prescription medication I have ever taken. First, it barely works. You would be better off taking over the counter medicine. But, the worst part of this drug is the day after. It literally feels like a hangover every time! I get migraines, nausea, hot flashes, and sometimes I throw up. The whole day after is like this. It's not worth it.”2015For Pain:		“I am a runner and had strained my back during training.  I was taking 4 advils at a time for weeks and even though I was popping them like M&M's, o as still suffering.  My doctor prescribed Tramadol 50mg 1-2 pills every 6 hours and took the pain away immediately!!! The side effect I had were slight headache and it made me little loopy but it outweighed the back pain I was experiencing so I was happy with it.  Don't plan on taking this long term but it was the only thing that worked for me.”2015For Anxiety:		“I'm 32 yrs old and have been taking 50 mg of Tramadol HCL for pain associated with Thoracic Outlet Syndrome on and off for about a year now. Although it does lessen the pain, I've noticed that my brain is much more even keel after I've taken it. I have tried other anti-depressants and Xanax, but I don't like them because they make me feel like a zombie. This doesn't do that. It just clears away the anxiety fuzz, stops the attacks, and makes it so that I can actually function like a somewhat normal human again. I thought it was just me, but after seeing all of this, I know it's not. I'm going to have to talk to my doctor about it. I can't remember the last time I felt this normal. And there are NO withdrawal effects for a missed day.”2015For Pain:		“I took this for menstural cramps and noticed absolutely no difference at all in pain or mood. Its like taking motrin!
The only thing I get is a little dizzy. I am very disappointed with this medication.
The warning label scared me... when I finally took it I could not believe it did absolutely nothing for the pain.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“Good pain med .”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic hip pain, this drug has helped, I am still aware of pain but it doesn't bother me, it is very strange BUT !!! I have not slept this well in years, I feel fantastic, I don't care my hip still hurts. I think I am having an anti depressant reaction but I was not depressed but I do feel great GOOD & BAD It really helps sinus and breathing but when you don't take the next dose horrible tingling and sinus pressure return I was only taking at night, today I made the connection thanks to these reviews so I will take one after lunch, I have only had it a week but I love this drug so far”2015For Pain:		“I was prescribe 50mg 4x a day and then moved to 300mg extended release.  While on the 50mg 4x a day, I noticed it took about 15 minutes to feel some relief from my joint & nerve pain.  The only problem was each dose only really lasted for about 20 minutes.  The first does ever was a oh yer finally some relief, that lasted 20 minutes. That was the reason we switched to 300mg extended release.  Again, it took about 15 minutes to feel a decrease in pain.  With the extended release, it still only helped for a short period of time, maybe an hour or two.  I stuck with it for about 4-6 weeks hoping it would build up & eventually relieve pain for a good portion of my day.  Honestly, it only cut pain by about 50% & never lasted longer than 2 hours.”2015For Depression:		“I found this drug to be very useful for pain. I have crohns disease, degenerative disc disease, migraines,  bipolar disorder , ptsd, anxiety disorder. I take tramadol 3 pills a day. 150mg total. The only thing i dont like is when i skip doses i get awful side effects like a buzzing or vibration in my head. So i am unable to skip days of taking it or i feel very awful.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I find Tramadol to be extremely effective for my chronic low to medium grade pain.  I have chronic pain in my back and ankles and shoulder due to osteoarthritis.  

For me the big advantage with Tramadol, esp. the low 37.5 mg with acetaminophen dose is I don't feel slowed down at all.  I use it  PRN for days when I'm playing tennis or have work or extended walking to do.  

Now I sometimes take another 37 mg after exercise.  I have used 100 mg time release and 200 mg time release for special times like high demand days for travel or moving, etc.”2015For Anxiety:		“Tramadol was initially prescribed for pain. Didn't work at all to relieve my chronic headaches. But I noticed a lessening of stiffness from arthritis, as well as a more stable mood. Less anxiety.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking Tramadol for close to 3 years now for arthritis of the neck.  I have gradually had to work up to 150mg per day (3x 50mg).  I think it works pretty well, but be careful for addiction and plan far in advance to wean off of it.  If I am late taking a dose (I take the same time every day), I get severe pain and feel sick.  I am able to function just fine, but have had pretty serious brain fog for about 6 months and don't know if it is related to the Tramadol.  Also, took Benadryl for allergies one time and had a VERY scary respiratory reaction/respiratory depression- be careful about any other meds you might take.  i think it is a medication that works fairly well and is a scary medication at the same time.  Use wisely and with caution.”2015For Pain:		“Addiction.  I had to self wean off this drug”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic back pain.  I have degenerative disc disease and spinal stenosis.  The pain is unbearable at times.  My doctor prescribed tramadol for me.  It has been a life saver for me.  This drug has given my life back.  It takes my pain away for a few hours so I can do some house cleaning.  It is amazing.  Please always  follow your doctor's directions when taking this drug.”2015For Pain:		“I have chronic back pain from psoratic arthritis and fused SI joints. I also had rotator cuff surgery recently. I am prescribed 50mg of tramadol every six hours. This medication gives me little to no relief. When I was prescribed percocet initially, I experienced complete relief and could perform my job and daily activities, including golf, with NO side effects. My quality of life was awesome. I have an extremely labor intensive job, and I can barely move anymore. I am extremely frustrated with this medication, and my doctor will not prescribe any opoids because of the federal regulations, and some seniors are abusing the medication. I have MRI and Xray results that verify my chronic pain. Still, no relief. Tramadol does not work”2015For Back Pain:		“my son suffered a seizure while on tramadol.  dislocated his shoulder during the seizure.  This drug is not harmless”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I have been suffering from extreme back pain neck pain and my legs and buttocks becomes numb after lying down for too long. The pain spread to my spine and my arms for two years. They finally diagnosed me with Fibromyalgia. I have tried so many medications. Percocet morphine butrans Patch..but none of these worked very well. I had to stop working because the pain is so bad some days I struggle to get out of bed..I find the Tramadol works very well.it doesn't take all my pain away but makes it tolerable. I recently was put on Zytram Er which is the long acting Tramadol but I have to find the right dose..but I am optimistic because I have had good results with the Tramadol”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had RLS since I was a child,they didnt know what it was then and called it "growing pains".I would cry when it rained or was cold, my legs would hurt so bad. Then 15 years ago, as an adult I was given ultram for a neck injury[three ruptured discs] and my RLS just vanished.I couldnt believe it!At first I kept waiting for it to come back, but it didnt. Now I take tramadol 100 mg three times a day,for nerve pain and RLS and it completely controls the symptoms without obnoxious side effects[like nausea vomiting insomnia and sinusitis from requip, loss of cooridination and falling from gabapentin,headaches, blurred vision, nausea and flank pain from lyrica-ugh those drugs were awful!] I sleep well now and feel rested.”2015For Pain:		“I have been on prozac , Gabapentin and prozac for many years. I hve been on the same dose of tramadol for the last 6 years i take the  50 mg tablets . I take 2 pills 4 times a day. The thing about any medicine is how well  it works with our body chemistry. It lasts up to six hours. I'm not a Zombie, I can take great care of my toddlers and as we all know toddlers drive u up the wall. I can still feel some of the pain but it's not bad enough to keep me unhappy and unproductive.OH AND if u become addicted to something , next time blame yourself for taking it wrong  instead of blaming the meds!!! Lol”2015For Back Pain:		“This was the best drug I had found for my lower back, stress related pain. But my doctor sent me to an orthopedic doctor, which I thought was for my lower leg numbness. Now she wants me to take Mobic 15mg 2 times a day instead. I had tried Mobic before with no improvement in pain. I am VERY frustrated with my doctor and may find another one.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Bad”2015For Anxiety:		“I am on a tramadol dosage of 150-200mg a day for abdominal pain. Been taking it for 2 months now. Little did I know this drug is also an antidepressant. I feel absolutely great when taking it. 

It doesn't give you the same "buzzed feel" as a vicodin or percocet, however it puts you in a fantastic mood, relaxes you, and also works nicely on the pain without making you feel groggy or tired. 

There are some dangers associated with the drug such as seizures, so please only take under the supervision of a doctor you trust. They will know if tramadol is safe for you to take.”2015For Depression:		“Given to me for pain, didn't work for that but, it worked great for my restless leg syndrome and my depression.  I take 4 at once a day in the afternoon. I never take more than that. 
I am addicted, tried to stop taking them for 2 weeks and I felt sooo sick and weak. I also started getting these weird tings in my head, like a rubberband snap sensation.  
I can't stop taking them. If I do I cant function well.”2015For Pain:		“Suffered with severe Neuropathic pain caused by shingles for a number of years whilst taking various ineffective painkillers. My Doctor recently prescribed 50mg Tramadol capsules which relieve the pain considerably. For me, this is a wonder drug and totally free on the NHS.”2015For Pain:		“I take Tramadol for neuropathic pain. Lately after I take it my neck feels like it is swollen. Any one know what is going on?”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Tramadol works. Period.”2015For Anxiety:		“Tramadol I figure out it has been a life changing four me it takes my depression away am more active socialise and talk to ppl and at night it helps me sleep well takes my anxiety good med works like Percocet”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“If I could give it a negative 10, I would.  I took a 50mg pill about 1 1/2 hours ago and still NOT WORKING.  I can't have another one for 8 hours, and I am afraid to take anything else at this time.  I am calling doc tomorrow for something else.”2015For Anxiety:		“When I was prescribed Tramadol for abdominal pain, little did I know about the Bonus effects.

I was able to lose 20lbs in 3 months (less appetite). 

My mood became so good and I got my joy of life back. I took 50mg daily.

I felt less anxious and depressed. Mostly, I cared less about what people think of me. I started to swim and hike. My mom, who is against pills, said " you changed so much whatever that you do, keep doing it". I'm a 45 yo male.”2015Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Works well with controlling UTI.  This medication  will cause drowsiness.  Exactly what I needed was rest.  In my experience, about 30 minutes later, pain subsidies enough to tolerate.”2015For Pain:		“I have taken Prozac for a long while. It's the only drug that helps my depression I have dealt with for 9 years. Don't take this drug if you take a drug that raises your serotonin. You will be at risk for serotonin syndrome which can be fatal. This drug is for pain but it also an SNRI. This made me extremely depressed, and did nothing for my pain except make me lightheaded and have a opiate like high, except no pain relief.”2015For Back Pain:		“Barely takes the edge off pain. Usually have to take 2 and a Soma to help. I also have Crohns and COPD. I've tried many meds but due to all medical problems, nothing I'm allowed to take works. Used to have an extremely high tolerance for pain but with chronic pain from so many medical issues its worn me down. Just want to be pain free one day. Seriously, just one day.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“It's a great alternative for people with stomach issues as it causes no GI  upset.  You do have to eat, it can make you nauseous if you don't, but I can't tolerate anti depressant or strong opiates, so this does the trick for moderate chronic pain. Not a good choice for severe pain or post surgery.”2015For Back Pain:		“Tramadol works great for my back pain doing the day when I'm working. It has worked great for me for over 10yrs and it keeps my stress levels down. Things that I normally would let bother me don't bother me.”2015For Pain:		“Took Tramadol for excruciating back pain. Worked marvelously for three weeks, pain 80% decreased, but affected my judgment as I saw events and people in an unrealistically positive way.  After 3 weeks, I started imagining blacks ghosts at night, got depressed and negative, my face felt like sunburned at night, nausea. Needless to say, I stopped taking the drug, withdrawal made the experience worse, I am back with pain waiting for surgery. BAD DRUG!”2015For Pain:		“The Generic version of ultram does NOT work.  The Branded ULTRAM is highly effective for pain without side effects. However, it is very costly and I usually cannot afford it.  Aspriin is better than generic tramadol meanwhile in searches for prices...websites interchangeably use tramadol in lieu of ultram as tho they are the same. They are NOT”2015For Opiate Withdrawal:		“The other reviewer is well versed on the intended  This, review is based on my experience with tramadol, which is not controlled in Mexico, where I reside. I moved across the border US to Mex to withdraw from heroine and begin anew. I panicked when withdrawal became reality and tried to get a few doctors to prescribe any opiate pill to no avail. The cab driver took me to a "special" pharmacy where I spent a fortune on a tramadol 100mg bottle. I was so hopeful that my agony would subside. Nada. Nothing. Waste. Garbage. Never again. I must have taken 10-12 pills over six hours. They didn't mellow me out, the withdrawal steadily got worse over the disappointing six hours as anticipated.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I recently started taking 50mg of Tramadol at night for severe Rls. I have been reading the horror stories associated with Requip as well as tramadol. I am hoping that 350mg of Tramadol over the course of a week will be too small of an amount to develop a dependence on but who knows! Has anyone else been able to find relief for Rls by taking a small dose of tramadol?”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“Tramadol gave me moderate pain relief, however, it was EXCELLENT for my depression/anxiety. Lost 2 kilos in 2 weeks, which is great too, because I was a little overweight due to amitriptyline, and extra pounds is always bad when we are talking about pain...

@atualization
Stopped working after 2 months”2015For Pain:		“I'm prescribed tramadol 50mg every 4 hours as needed. I'm only 22 with a herniated disc/pinched nerve, scoliosis and suffer neuorpathic pain. I will admit these help the neuropathy condition; however, I need to take 4-5 at a time. I don't see how one or 2 could help, but it could just be my tolerance. If you're working a physical job with serious herniated disc issues I wouldn't expect much help from these and would stay on hydrocodone or oxycodone. If some sort of neuropathy condition, I'd give these a try. I only go on these for a week or 2 at a time then take a break to avoid withdrawals. Eat something after taking these to avoid an upset stomach. I'd still MUCH rather take hydrocodone for pain to be honest.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“Had increasing bad RLS experiences before I knew they were RLS, so I just suffered through them.  Then was given tramadol for pain for shoulder injury, and noticed leg problems stopped. When I stopped tramadol for pain, the RLS returned. That was 8 years ago, and I have been taking it for my RLS ever since and it's a lifesaver. It never fails to make the symptoms stop or appear in the first place. Tramadol has worked great for me for RLS.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Was prescribed 100mg time release then 200mg for severe chronic lower back pain and it has changed my life. Was taking Percacet but wanted to change to something less habit-forming and am glad I did. Quality of life has drastically improved and has allowed me to avoid risky surgery (3 herniated discs and dual sciatica). I stop taking it about once every 3 months to "check in" on dependency and effectiveness but have been taking it steadily for 4 years now. Some light side effects including slightly decreased libido and hard stool totally manageable. Not everyone reacts the same (my mother suffers from similar problem to mine and it doesn't work as well for her). Recommend you try it for a week, then evaluate. Loopy for first 2 days. :)”2015For Pain:		“I've been taking Tramadol for a few months because of pain in my thumb joints. The recommended dose (50mg 3x per day) was too much for me, resulting in headaches and nausea and (if taken just before bed) sleeplessness. But I reduced the dose to just 1/2 of a 50mg pill taken at 10am and the other half at 4pm and that seems to be working fine. Pain gone and a major boost in my mood. Also, I had to reduce the dose gradually over the course of a couple weeks as I felt a little anxious when I cut the 3x 50mg per day down to just 1/3 of that dosage. I feel much better but am careful not to take too much.”2015For Pain:		“Chronic ankle, knee and hip problems.  Normally don't take anything but needed something to help with pain relief while on a trip.  They didn't work for me at all...really annoying.”2015For Back Pain:		“I have been take tramadol, for back pain and it also works for anxiety, but doctors seem to believe it's not for anxiety or depression. Because of the opiate that's in it, but it works 10 times better than any anti anxiety pill I have taken.”2015For Pain:		“I was in a car accident in 2014 I had 1 surgery but need another one, I can not afford to be off work right now so I went to a pain dr who first gave me the shots which only gave me relief for 2 days then he gave me tramadol, and it is a joke I took 250 mg with in 1 hr and it only gave me slight pain relief, the dr wanted me to take 100 mg every 8 hrs, that is a joke, I am calling him tomorrow and telling him this stuff DOES NOT WORK...what  is made of?”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Dangerous addicting drug with strong side effects on and coming off. Just because it's synthetic does not mean it's like an opiate! It affects serotonin and will cause problems getting off it in terms of mood and nervous system reactions as wells as muscle pain increased who coming off.”2015For Back Pain:		“Ok”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“My doctor put me on this for a nerve condition which typically leaves me in dull pain, with occasional fierce spikes in pain. He noted that it is a "very powerful painkiller" so be careful. I took one, waited an hour or so, nothing. Took the second one, and again now almost 3 hours later I feel 100% the same, the pain has not been reduced at all. I took 1 200mg advil, and felt a minor amount of relief, so this is about the power of maybe a baby aspirin. Hardly a "powerful painkiller. I thought maybe it was just me, but after some research I see I am not alone. I think this medicine is nothing short of pharmaceutical grade snake oil. I will be going back to my doctor to rid this hoax in a bottle.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have used tramedo for over a year now and can honestly say it has helped me get my life back.  I suffer from chronic back pain which restricted me everyday.  Even just to walk round the shops in pain.  I was warned about the side effects and stayed in bed ready for them.  Yes I talked rubbish.  Had sweats.  Knocked me out and made me feel nauseous but I stuck with it and after 3 days I began to feel better and could feel a relief in my back.  I am so grateful I actually have found a good Dr who prescribed me tramedo sr 150 mg twice a day.  For me it had worked and I even went back to full time work.  Very happy . I do stick to the same brand I did get a different brand from another chemist and they did nothing I was in pain all day .”2015For Pain:		“My experience with this drug is not a good one. I was taking tramadol for years and every few months had to up the dose. When I would run out because my body became use to drug I would take more and more to help with my joint pain. I would take 4 50 MG at a time 3 times a day.  Which is not okay and experienced horrible side effects. I now have seizures at night and have been off the medicine for a while. The shakiness and nausea from not having the medication is sometimes unbearable. I also have tremors and moodiness as well as a zapping feeling in my brain. I would call this drug the devil. When you come off of it your pain is ten times worse than it was before. It's like it mimics the pain. It is very addictive and would not recommend it”2015For Back Pain:		“I've been on this for one week and only taking as needed bc after 4 hours or so I'm in a coma! And I have to take halves or I feel high for close to 12 hrs. I'm very sensitive to medication so my experience may not be typical but overall I'd say it helps me function. I have 3 slipped discs from a wreck 3 years ago and I do hair for a living. I need to be able to move all day. Good medicine I just wish it didn't make me so tired”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I take it for severe lower back pain. I have to take the maximum dose of 400 mg a day and you must take it on a regular basis every four hours and you may not feel the full effect unless you've been taking it consistently.    I am 50 years old very active and travel often the only side effect that I have is constipation if I don't take it on time my body tells me because then the pain reoccurs within 10 minutes of taking tramadol I feel fine”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“This did not do anything helpful for me. I tried it for 2 weeks as an opiate substitute after intermedulliary nailing. (This surgery always has a Very painful and long recovery) I was given this by my surgeon because it was supposed to be less addictive. After two weeks I decided to taper off it. This produced HORRID withdrawals.  They were far different and more severe than stopping the opioids which I was over in one day. Don't take this med! If a dr tells you it won't cause withdrawals don't believe it. Opioid worked during my surgical recovery and were no prob to taper off then quit.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I suffer from chronic back pain due to lumbar spinal decay and facet joint arthrosis. I have been taking tramadol (50mg) for quite some time.  I know what the pain feels like when I don't take it (excruciating!) and taking it regularly - 3 to 4 times a day - along with others allows, me to function reasonably normally.  I get a dry mouth at times and this is expected.  I couldn't live without it.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibromyalgia since childhood and it has been a real battle trying to find a medication that worked for the pain. If I only take one tramadol and the pain goes down quite a bit to where I'm comfortable. When I have an increase in pain then I need two and usually have to take a nap as my fatigue gets the better of me. The tramadol works great.”2015For Back Pain:		“I suffer from chronic back pain due to scoliosis and I've been on tramadol for about almost a year and the pain has subsided it's tolerable I would recommend it to anyone I also take it with a NSAID but it is worked wonders for me also I was curious to know if it causes the the withdrawals”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had fibermyalgia for my whole life.  How I managed to have a full career and raise children, I only owe to eating Tylenol and aspirins like candy day and night over all those years.  Of course I was still in pain and couldn't sleep because the pain would keep me awake.  My family physician doesn't even believe this disease exists. He was upset my rehumatologist prescribed Tramadol for the pain and told me to discontinue it.  Tramadol 50 mg is the only reason I am pain free most of each day.  I finally feel like I have a life back.  Doctors who have Never experienced this type of chronic pain, do not know what a godsend Tramadol is for chronic suffers”2015For Chronic Pain:		“It works. I have back pain needing surgery, and have had 7 stomach surgeries. IT WORKS! No side effects, lasts about 5 hours. No complaints.”2015For Pain:		“Tramadol are trash! They DO NOT WORK! I suffer with pain from chronic  kidney stones and end up in the hospital often. And was given these. I am so pissed for having to pay for something that does not work. They do not care about my pain and just think that everyone is a drug abuser. I was on the yellow vicodin that worked fine for my pain and never had gotten addicted to them. Then these idiot doctors had to go and fix what wasn't broken.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I was suppose to take 2 x 50 mg tabs at bedtime. I did and I had horrible racing heart, nausea and vomiting and then a mild headache. Last night I just took one and had no problems. It didn't get rid of all pain but enough to be able to get some sleep. I'm not using  it everyday.”2015For Pain:		“CAUTION!  Used tramadol 50 mg for back pain. Started with 1 tab couple of days/wk, eventually up to a tab/day, finally tab/day and 2 tabs/day a couple days/week. Withdrawal would kick in about 18-24 hrs after last dose. Lethargy, tired, felt like the flu. Took tab, w/in an hour felt great. Read about this as potential problem, began to wean myself off. Took several months. Every step down resulted in above withdrawal symptoms (but worse), and the most horrible part was the restless body (RLS, but all over) at night when trying to sleep. Felt ready to explode. After taking 1/4 tab/day for weeks, used some leftover partial valium tabs to finally break free from tramadol.  Avoid tramadol if at all possible - withdrawal is absolutely horrible.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I've been on Tramadol for 5 years after surgery in my knee. I now have Tendinitis in my right shoulder that I take it for. I take 50 mg 3x day. It really helps with the pain. I  don't like that it constipates you. I experience sweating at times. But the pain is very manageable.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Tramadol was given to me in the Emergency room of my local hospital due to chronic back pain. I haven't been diagnosed with anything in particular yet, however this has helped ease off the pain.I was given a prescription of 20mg and it also has helped with my depression. Today actually, was a bad day and I decided upon myself to take two 20 mg pills and I really don't feel anything. The day has flown by at work and I just feel more focused.”2015For Back Pain:		“5 and 1/2 years on Tramadol and I was suddenly falling, walking jerkily, imbalanced, vomiting and diarrhea without warning.  I am still diapered but I spent 2 months using a walker.  Meanwhile, my hands became pins and needles, now I have parasthesia up to my bicep on both arms.  It feels like my hands are soapy or I'm wearing sandpaper gloves past my elbows.  My vision is blurry and I can't hold onto anything without dropping it.  Did I mention the itching?  I frequently bathe in oatmeal and claw my arms.  My feet are numb as well.  I know how depressing chronic pain is and I have chronic abdominal pain.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Given this a few years ago for pain. Dosage had to be increased to keep effect. Wasn't providing the relief as in  beginning. Then to 300mg a day after 2 years and I decided I wasn't benefitting from it. Took myself off by slowly reducing dosage over two months. What a NIGHTMARE, chills, twitches CRAVING for it. For 4 MONTHS I was getting what I describe as electrical BRAIN ZAPS as I turned my head to look at something. When my head turned my brain would do a slide show with electrical zaps trying to catch up. It was a MONSTEROUS FEELING of no longer being in control. 4 months of agony and all I had to do to stop it was to just take a pill but no way on earth was I going to throw away more 4 months. It is addictive! I know from my experience.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain in my muscles and joints. Diagnosed as unspecified auto immune. Hla-b27 positive. My uncle suffered from anyklosing spondylitis.I have suffered all symptoms except crohns disease and spinal fusion.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I started ultram a little over a month ago and am impressed with the lack of side effects. I also noticed it helps with my moods..maybe having less pain just makes me happier. Ive had spinal injections and am using ultram to hold me over until I get my next set. I do take it every 4-6 hours”2015For Depression:		“Thumbs up! I was prescribed Tram for abdominal pain, and in the process of taking once daily, 50mg, I realized that my energy is boosted, my mood is elevated, and I felt 10 to 15 years younger. I also observed more creativity and a heightened sense of wellbeing. Must be the serotonin higher levels.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I take Tramadol as PRN (when required) for severe TMJ pain. 
I find the slow release tramadol works better for me, the instantaneous release (in the 50mgs) makes me feel like I am on cocaine or something! Very restless, fast, itchy etc.”2015For Back Pain:		“some 6 years ago I had spinal fusion, operation went very well, I was taken off narcotics and given Tramadol.  I take three tabs a day, 50mg, Usually when first getting up.  Until I read these comments I never associated it helped with depression, I never really considered myself depressed, I recently lost my wife of 65 years, we had a truly great marriage, she was an English war bride.  I miss her terribly, but depressed I am not,  Now I wonder if I have been a really content and happy person these last few years because of the pill,  I am sure not going to stop and take a chance.  Thank you for all your comments they have really helped   ”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I just started this med yesterday for osteoarthritis & fibromyalgia. After reading the other comments my experience is pretty normal. I'm itching like crazy, had a bad night-no rest, nausea & mild headache. With all those side effects, it appears to have knocked off the edge of the pain. I will continue using if for a few days if I can handle the itching. I want to give it some time because I cannot use narcotics. I end up in the hospital with dehydration from vomiting when I use any narcotics.”2015For Back Pain:		“For a few years this drug really worked well. Not many side effects but you must be aware of the constipation! It can be severe. If I had not developed nerve problems - in my back, I think tramadol would have been enough. I have ended up in dreadful pain in my back - at this time in my life and I'm going to replace tramadol with a step 3 medication.”2015GenRx Tramadol (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Can't live without it. Been on it for 8 yrs. now and it still works for me. My Dr. does not prescribe narcotics, so I'm very glad the  Tramadol works for me. Condition: fibromyalgia.”2015For Anxiety:		“I was prescribed Tramadol 50 mg for headaches and TMJ pain.  However, the biggest difference this medication has made for me is the way it has helped my anxiety and depression.  It is truly amazing, and a blessing.  I have severe social anxiety but I find now that I can talk to people and actually want to socialize.  No other med has really ever helped me.  I truly wish that doctors understood how this medication helps those of us with long-standing anxiety and depression, it's a miracle.”2015For Back Pain:		“This drug has helped me for 3 yrs after 3 athroscopic knee surgeries and finally a total replacment ( 5 yr period) getting off the vicoden was horrible! know I have been though 1 neck fusion, 3 back surgeries ending with a fusion. I have sever arthritise in my back. The tramadol helps me to be able to resume my life some what, with out the agonizing pain that I live with. I take 50 mgs 4x a day. I do not feel as if I need my dosage uped after this long. Iseem to do just fine. I can have my grandchilderen, work in my garden, and do genral houshold chores. In general I can continue a fairly normal life.”2015For Depression:		“Like many of the reviewers here I discovered the benefits of the medicine for depression by accident. It had been prescribed for back pain after I hurt by back lifting a heavy bag out of the car trunk at the airport. Yes, it helped in a with the back pain from 
the injury but it totally destroyed my depression immediately. It works in less than 1 hour and you will feel uplifted and hopeful .If you suffer from depression talk with your Dr.  about Tramadol. Plain and simple...it works and works fast. No kidding this is a depression killer.”2015For Depression:		“I can't believe the difference tramadol has made in lifting my mood.  I began tramadol for body aches and realized the mood elevation that accompanied it.  I take 3 50 mg tablets per day and have had no need to increase the amount.  I feel motivated and have energy probably the way most non depressed people do.  I used to abuse alcohol and smoke excessively, but now have absolutely no desire to self-destruct.  I am more successful and productive in my career and I believe this pill has given me my life back.”2015For Back Pain:		“It is interesting to read all of the diverse reports concerning this drug. Some would not recommend it, while others have benefited from it completely. As for me, I am of the latter category.....for it has helped me countless times in relieving the back pain and depression. It is truly my "happy pill".....for which I am thankful.”2015For Pain:		“After two bunion and hammertoe surgeries this worked like a charm! Much better than Percocet because I wasn't loopy and it does not cause stomach upset!”2015For Pain:		“Cheap and didn't even touch the pain. Waste of hope for relief. OTC pain meds worked better than a months supply of this.  You can have it!”2015For Back Pain:		“I have lower back pain due to spondylosisthesis. (Disk between LV4 and LV5 moving forward and putting pressure on nerves in spinal column)
Tramadol works ike a narcotic, it can cause extreme nausea if never used before.  Unfortunately,  a tolerance develops very fast; at first, 100mg would kill my  back pain completely.  But over two years time, i need about 300 to 400 mg twice a day,  with an NSAID booster. The injections my doctor gives me in my knees and spine are very effective in restoring lost flexibility,  but still Tramadol cocktail for pain. I'm 66 years old and also have tendonitis in my knees and SI syndrome. Pregabalin is great with tramadol”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Pain:		“I have been taking Ultram (brand) for 7 years for the management of chronic neuropathy pain in my arms, legs, hands, and feet, and I wouldn't change it for anything.  Non-addictive, effective 90% of the time, it's a rare day when the pain exceeds the drug's ability to control it. Yes, there is some occasional residual background discomfort; with chronic pain that's to be expected.  However, as long as I can function normally without a lot of adverse side effects and addiction, I'm a happy camper.  Please note this is for the brand Ultram. I had serious issues with the generic (with the fillers, I think), and do not recommend generic at all.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“Great medication if you want the worst migraine you've ever had.  Tramadol may be good for some, but for me, it's the medication you use if you want to make your fibromyalgia pain worse.”2015For Anxiety:		“Wonderful for spasms and anxiety, where they come in a package.”2015For Depression:		“I think there is a reason the government has made Tramadol a category C drug...they want people in society to take it but everybody in society just wants to get high. Tramadol is the best DEPRESSION, ANXIETY, MILD PAIN MEDICINE EVER. This actually is better than everything without the high. If you actually wanna be a happy person without being high, this is it. 50 mg am- optional second until next day. Forget the critics. I would say this is like adderal, without the hunger side effects, lack of sleep, personality disorder, grumpyness, depression, etc etc etc. The best thing about it is the government is only selling it for $4 dollars. You don't even need health insurance.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“4 years now of tram 50mg 8 per day and I find life with hcronic pain much more livable.  I am 67  and find I don't need anything stronger”2015For Back Pain:		“Helps very little. SI joint, hip bursitis, leg nerve damage, lumbar disc herniation and failed lumbar surgery. Can't take much more stomach doesn't like it”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have dealt with RLS for a number of years. I suffer from insomnia  but I would take melatonin, Lunestra, Ambien and they did nothing but aggravate my RLS worse.  Nothing like being tired AND agitated because of the constant need to move my legs.  I had to have a hysterectomy in April and they sent me home with Tramadol after a week I noticed I had not had an RLS episode for the entire week.  I didn't take it one night because I wasn't having any pain from surgery...RLS kicked in.  Realized the Tramadol was keeping the RLS at bay.   If I don't take it before the RLS kicks in, it's not quite as effective.”2015For Back Pain:		“This drug makes me so paranoid I had to stop taking it. I tried to explain to my doctor this is more then just a little side effect. I also felt like I had do some meth. Its more like drinking way to many energy drinks.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Did not help at all! Tylenol and ibuprofen are stronger.”2015For Pain:		“This medication does not relieve eve the slightest pain.”2015For Depression:		“If you decide to take this med, or your doctor wants you to, ask for the XR version. It truly is 24 hours of pain relief, I take 100mg XR every night and the best part is that you get to wake up mostly pain free. The mild pain relief all day that can be enhanced easily with tylenol. I have tried muscle relaxers, creams, injections, opiates, and this is the only med to be side effect free and mixes well with over the counter pain meds well to manage. Last thing is the mood elevation that accompanies the XR version, I actually stopped taking my anti-depressant. This works better than anything I have ever taken for my depression, though anxiety is not helped that much.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I'm a disabled veteran. Diagnosed with fibromyalgia in 1992 while still active duty.  Have been taking tramadol for years 50mg now 3x a day.  I don't think I would survive without it.  Allows me to do some of the activities with my family.  It is good for relieving fibro pain. I would recommend any new patients to try it.  It may change your life.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I have had Fibromyalgia for 15 years. Tramadol not only gives me my life back, but is the ONLY medication that has helped my depression incredibly. I could not continue working without this med. Has helped MORE than other pain meds which I've been on every single pill out there.”2015For Depression:		“Tramadol is about the most effective drug in the world for depression - for immediate, short term relief ONLY though. During the initial dosing period, 100mg twice a day utterly obliterates any negative thinking or depression symptoms. It delivers results immediately, vs the necessary patience of waiting a few days or weeks with traditional SSRI drugs.
However, tolerance DOES build to tramadaol at a pace far more rapidly then with traditional anti-depressants. I had 2 months of solid relief from 100mg 2x daily, but by the third month this does barely made a difference and my mood continued to sink. Instead of upping my dose, I went back on Zoloft which delivers less immediate, but more consistent long term results for me.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I've experienced Restless Legs on and off since I was a child. I remember my legs aching very badly and feeling like I constantly had to shake and move them around. This used to only happen when I was extremely tired. But over the years it has gotten worse. My doctor started me off on a low dose of Tramadol (50mg 2x a day). 50mg didn't really help so now I take 100mg anywhere from 2-4 times a day and it completely gets rid of my restless legs. I can sleep for more than 2 hours and I can actually get comfortable, fall asleep and stay asleep. I would rather use this medication the rest of my life (I am 35) than ever have to deal with restless legs again.”2015For Back Pain:		“I was diagnosed with herniated disc about a year and half ago. At first I was prescribed percocet for the first month and went to physical therapy and chiropractic, ... physical therapy did not work for me. Then, I was prescribed lortab for a few months. But due to others abusing these drugs doctors now are reluctant to prescribe them any more. So they put me on tramadol at 50 mg 2x a day. After a few days on it, I was still in excruciating pain. Went back to my Dr. and she said to try taking two of the 50 mg tramadol pills with 800 mg of ibuprofen and a shot of espresso 2x a day. This combination worked! Side effects: I can't take it no later than 8 pm or else I can't fall into a deep sleep.”2015For Depression:		“I found by accident that tramadol greatly diminishes my depression. If I knew I could take it daily without building a tolerance against it I would gladly take it for the rest of my life. As it is, I limit taking it to no more than once a week out of that fear. For just ONE DAY of my life without depression it is worth it.”2015For Pain:		“I have been given tramadol 50 mg for my severe ankle arthritis.  It is amazing stuff..I take 2 usually at work ( I work overnight).  It takes the edge off of  my pain and I can actually function.  The only side effect is a bit of a cotton mouth.  Funny thing though is it does nothing for my headaches..”2015Ryzolt (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“This had very little effect for me. I found I had to take double the prescribed dose just to get a little relief.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“It works a little when it wants too. I am not impressed with it
and would not recommend this medication for moderate to
severe pain.”2015For Pain:		“I experienced loss of appetite and had 3 falls due to this medication.  I also experienced being unusually cold and my hand/fingers would shake,  not the usual steady.  It all stopped after stopping tramadol.  I was prescribed the 50mg pill every 6 hours.”2015For Depression:		“I been diagnosed with depression, by every doctor I been in face to face contact...I always try to hide my depression from everyone, even doctors. I would go to the ER about twice a year for anxiety attack. The doctors in the ER would identify my depression right away even with me trying to hide it. I taken a hand full of antidepressants Zoloft, exfexar, welbutrain, and paxel. Took Zoloft for 2 years and gained 115lb. I got prescribe tramadol for pain, I would stand all day. Immediately did not have the need for Zoloft. I was able to get a better job (still standing all day ) I lost 104lb (saggy skin now). I take 50mg twice a day... On an empty stomach is best. Just like everyone else tramadol has gave me my life back!”2015For Back Pain:		“If Tramadol helped you then great, but it did nothing at all for me. I have had 7 low back operations with 10 disc removed and a bunch of rods, plates and screws put in my spine. Nothing really helped my pain except shots of Demerol which you can't live on for ever. I finally got the VA to give me Percocet for the pain 10mg 4 times a day, but then the doctor and the VA cut everyone back to 3 times a day. I changed doctors and he put me on 10mg 3 times a day but also 15mg time release morphine to be taken at bedtime. I still have a little pain and the morphine does nothing to help. Im fine with what im on but the reason I am writing here is you all that need stronger pain meds something like oxycodone need to write congress to leave it alone”2015For Pain:		“Tramodol does not work well for painful pain. It makes me buzzy and then very nauseous.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have been on Tramadol 50mg for a number of years due to RLS, I take two at night only.

It now is a controlled drug, to which only half the amount is prescribed.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with Fibro a yr ago, was happy I had found out the problem for all my symptoms slightly relieved that it wasn't all in my head! Explaining to family/friends/partner has been difficult some still ignoring it and others googling it trying to be supportive which is nice,was taking the usual codcodamal since I was 19 (now 22) but pain become worse partly due to full time job,personal stresses etc. so of course went back was prescribed tramadol instantly panicked thinking this is a couple steps away from morphine but I decided to try it two 50mg . Well I felt weird and hyper like I wanted to clean the house top to bottom! despite still having slight pain felt better about it anyway I now take one each morning to get up!”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I've tried a variety of prescribed medications for about 8 years. The ones that had worked (ie: gabapentin), had stopped working after a few months. Others made me feel sluggish and hungover. I started taking tramadol 6 months ago, 100mg in the mornings. My days are so much better, I feel energize, and it takes 90% of fms pain away. I cannot take Tramadol at night as it makes me have nightmares, and insomnia. Great if taken in the morning. My father and brother also take it for different ailments, they swear by it.”2015For Depression:		“I have been on just about every antidepressant you can name. They started giving me bad side effects like constipation so I had to stop taking them. For about two years I could hardly get out of bed in the morning, I was suffering from severe depression and had absolutly no motivation to do anything. I had gotten tennis elbow and the doc put me on tramadol. Within a couple days not only did it help with the pain but I started feeling my depression lifting as well as my motivation. I told the doctor it was working great for my depression so he kept me on it. I take 150 mg a day. I no longer sleep all day and have even decided to go back to school. It helps with not only my motivation and depression it helps me concentrate. I love it! ”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have had 3 major back surgeries and am totally fused. I have terrible joint pain in my right knee, neck, and back. Dr. put me on Tramadol 50mg 4xs daily. It does not work at all for me. It works like a 800mg dosage of Ibuprofen. Just makes my head a little foggy. But pain is still there, no relief. I also have major depression and anxiety, along with gastric problems. I also take seroquel for depression 150mg. Does nothing either. I fear I am not treatable and suffer greatly and don't know what to do.”2015Ryzolt (tramadol) for Back Pain:		“Reasonably effective against pain but capable of interfering with breathing.  Makes it scary to go to sleep.  I'd be very careful with this medicine at any but the absolute lowest doses.”2015For Pain:		“I have been on tramadol for for years first giving to me for pain. It is an incredible pain medicine that gives me so much energy and makes my anxiety and occasional depression non existent, however, I have tried so many times to get off because I am now completely addicted. When I want to get off, even taper down enough to get off, I get the most horrible lightening zapping going thru my brain along with other withdrawals. It is an incredible drug for pain and depression BUT be careful if u stay on for a long period of time u will become a prisoner just like any other pain, depression medicine and the withdrawals are ugly.”2015For Pain:		“After taking Co-codamol 30/500 for ages a friend gave me a blister pack of tramadol 50mg. Good pain relief but made me go a little strange and talk nonsense to folk. ”2015For Pain:		“I'm taking it for Pain From Joint Hypermobility Syndrome. Wonderful medication aside from a little minor increase in agitation/irritability”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“might as well be taking aspirin..low doses”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Pain management physician will prescribe this, but not anything stronger.  I have had degenerative disc disease for 17 years.  I have had three back surgeries, without success.  I have been on many medications in the past, with methadone working the best.  I weened myself off methadone because of side effects several years ago.  Physician's won't prescribe narcotics anymore because so many people abused them.  Tramadol will take the edge off my intense pain, but not enough to be considered a success.”2015For Pain:		“Tramadol would MILDLY work for my back and knee pain for about a week and then stop.  Oxycodone works best for me and hydrocodone is second.  If it works for your pain, great but my experience is that it does nothing more than ibuprofen or other OTC pain relievers in the long run.  The physical withdrawal from tramadol in my opinion is worse than hydrocodone or oxycodone due to the dual action it has on the brain.”2015For Pain:		“Over five years ago I was told no more NSAIDSs because of kidney disease.  I had found naproxen sodium effective for arthritis pain and migraine headaches.  Now because if the kidney disease I was prescribed tramadol, up to 100 mg four times a day.  At first I thought it was a joke. It was not nearly as effective as over-the-counter naproxen.  But I stuck with it because I had to. Gradually I became aware of its pain reducing qualities.  Recently I had joint replacement therapy and had good pain relief but terrible side effects from oxycodone  I went back to tramadol and it was enough to take the edge off.  I have noticed the headache that many mention in their reviews, but it's mild and short lived. I even take tramadol for real headaches!”2015For Anxiety:		“I suffer chronic anxiety, negative thoughts and daily panic attacks. Have taken Xanax, Klonopin, Valium and Ativan. I can't believe it but Tramadol actually works better for anxiety than all these benzos put together. I haven't taken my daily 4mg of klonopin but am feeling fantastic and very chilled on Tramadol. They should approve this stuff for both Anxiety and Depression, it's incredible.”2015For Depression:		“Today I went to my doctor and he shot me in the butt with some Tramadol to help my body pain. For the first time in ages I have been in a good mood, feel extremely relaxed and extremely content. I take Zoloft for depression and it helps to a degree, but this stuff makes me forget what depression even is. I am watching tv and smiling, this is the best mood lifter I have ever had, and so-so for pain relief”2015For Depression:		“Several years ago I was given tramadol for light pain. I have suffered from bipolar depression for about 40 years and have taken every drug made for depression. I get a little relief using fetzima but the cost is prohibitive. After taking the tramadol I realized that my depression and panic attacks just disappeared. In Mississippi it's almost impossible to get tramadol subscribed so I kept my supply by ordering out of the country which is also very expensive. When you are suicidal much of the time you will seek help wherever you can find it. I finally got a nurse practitioner to prescribe me two 50 mg tablets a day. I have a high tolerance to all drugs and four 50 mg gives me total relief from my mental illness. Side effects decreased sex drv.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have been taking all brands of tramadol over the past 16 months and overall my experience has been positive. I have gallstones and suffer from acute cholecystitis often. I manage my pain with tramadol and dietary plan. The only bad side is tolerance builds quickly and withdrawal can get nasty after a few days.”2015For Anxiety:		“I was prescribed Tramadol for kidney stones. Took 1 each day and gradually changed.  I stopped putting my head down when I left my apartment, trying to avoid eye contact with neighbors. I was actually smiling and stopping to say hello and people were now smiling back and waving. I did not have a knot in my stomach at the thought of riding the subway.  I was not cutting short my visits to clients only to return after hours and to work so I could avoid being around people.  I felt happy and I was not ready to fight with the first person that bumped into me on the street.  It was as if something in me was broken and Tramadol somehow fixed it.  All the bad things are back and I want more Tramadol but I can't get it. thinking of asking a Doctor.”2015For Depression:		“I have been taking 50 mg Tramadol for three years twice daily (prescribed) for osteoarthritis it reduces the pain to a tolerable level, it allows me to participate in simple activities again.  It has also been a miracle cure for my pain and the depression I have suffered with my entire life.  As a child a was painfully shy, self conscious and full of self doubt, additionally I was physically abused.  The abuse consisted of being punished by being locked in a dark closet many times, beaten with hangars, beaten with a hairbrush till I bled, slapped aIt resulted in BPerD. I was treated with Buspar Effexor Prozac Zoloft lexapro and Clonipin.  Nothing worked many made me worse yet on tramadol I feel so much better”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I'm 19 and I have had fybromyalgia since Oct of 2014. I take 100mg everynight and my rheumatologist said to take with 500mg Tylenol. It helps so much I also take 5 300mg caps of gabapentin a day.”2015For Back Pain:		“I had a horrible experience with this medicine, took only 100 mg once in the morning for a severe low back pain and could hardly function. I became so nauseous, vomiting, disoriented, dizzy, my head was clouded, all I could do was try to find a place to lie down. I guess this is what they call high intolerance/allergy to certain medicines. If you know you have a sensitivity, be very careful. It helped my pain some but made my day absolutely miserable.”2015For Back Pain:		“Did not do much for me. About the same as an aspirin.”2015For Pain:		“No pain relief whatsoever.”2015For Back Pain:		“I don't take Tramadol every day, an eighty tablet  prescription has lasted me almost 2 years, but when I do it really helps with my chronic back and arthritis pain and seems to have no side effects that I notice, other than the added benefit of a great night's sleep and temporary alleviation of the depression that naturally goes along with pain. The big down side is it's addiction potential, but that doesn't seem to be much of a problem unless you have that tendency. I prefer alternative pain management to drugs such as visualization, positive self talk, massage, and meditation, but a little medication help at times is a nice adjunct that can give you a "pain vacation."”2015For Chronic Pain:		“Suffer from fibromyalgia,two bulging disc, sciatica,restless leg syndrome. It usually takes me an hour or two to function in the morning. Have been on tramadol since it first became available.will continue to use this amazing medicine as long as my Dr prescribes it.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I've not been able to take any of the newer fibro meds. The side effects and reactions were terrible. My doctor is very good to try old-school for me whenever I ask her. First we tried Amitriptyline with no help at all and increased my brain fog. After reading great reviews on here concerning TRAMADOL, we tried that. I had almost immediate results. I've been on it about 2-3 months now and doing very well. It doesn't totally remove  the pain, but does take the edge off to help quite a bit. It has also been a great sleep aid if taken about two hours before bedtime. As others have said, I did wake with a headache for the first 3-5 days, but then they stopped. I have ZERO bad side effects and love being able to take this great old school med :)”2015For Pain:		“Did nothing for my pain from fibromyalgia & I have chronic pain. Gave me the most intense headaches lasting all day & night! And a rash on my arms where you bend your arms. Other areas too.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed 10 yrs ago, & was practically suicidal with how hard life became. When I was given tramadol to try, everything changed. It has given me extreme amounts of relief in all categories. My Pain, fatigue, & even depression was lifted. In the ten years I have been taking it, I have NEVER upped my dosage! It does the same job everyday!. It is hard to know u need any medicine to feel normal, but getting your quality of life back is priceless. I am so thankful for this medicine. I can accomplish so much.”2015For Depression:		“Don't let your ignorant physian deprive you of this miracle drug for your depression. They are trained to shun anything narcotic, even if it may be beneficial to the patient. If you have chronic depression, you should definitely try two 50 mg Tramadol (my 90 generic pills cost me 3.99 for 90 pills at a discount pharmacy: no insurance needed) on an empty stomach at 7 am and two more in the late afternoon. Between these doses walk a lot and drink plenty of water. The results may be astonishingly good. It may not work for all, but I bet it will work for most people who experience moderate levels of depression. Read about the side effects and then decide: it is worth a shot. In contrast to Tramadol, expensive anti-depressants may unnecessarily.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have 3 herniated discs in my lumbar spine with lower back pain and sciatica. I am currently taking Percocet and Zanaflex for this condition. But recently I've been having terrible bouts of Restless Leg Syndrome. My doctor has prescribed me Tramadol and it helps a great deal. My legs no longer feel heavy/achy and like I constantly need to move them. I've been taking 100mg of Tramadol every 8 hours. It works for about 6 hours and then I start feeling uncomfortable but it has definitely been a great help. I would recommend this to anyone suffering from Restless Legs Syndrome. This medicine will help ease your leg discomfort and let you get some sleep.”2015For Chronic Pain:		“I have a 35 year old whiplash, so the pain is fairly chronic, and settles in my neck but moves into shoulders and mid back. My pain seems to be skeletal and muscular.   Tramadol is excellent at handling the pain.  I want it to always work, so I never take it until after the pain has started.  Sometimes I can go 2 days without taking a pill; other days, I have to take 2 pills in one day.”2015For Depression:		“i have suffered from depression. and bipolar, i was had stage 3 cancer. i was prescribed tramadol for pain. cancer free now. but i still take tramadol . when i don't take. i know it because i get annoyed with people quick like when they click finger nails together or smack when they eat stuff like. and it keep me from losing my temper when i am or dealing with stupid annoying people. this medication is great. i don't even need to take risperdal consta anymore i take one 50mg a day sometimes every other day and i am good.”2015For Pain:		“Tramadol doesn't work for me. I'm very sensitive to any medications but I suffer from fibromyalgia, back pain, neck pain and depression, this med. make me feel dizzy, rash on my cheeks and headaches”2015For Back Pain:		“I have both severe back pain and stomach pain, following 7 surgeries. Lortab was helpful, Codeine useless. Tramadol worked 1st pill, 1st time. It is excellent.”2015For Back Pain:		“Me and my girlfriend are both on them. Works excellent. We both have bad back pain and its the best!”2015For Anxiety:		“I was on this medication for about a week, after a minor surgery. I'm not sure how much it did for the pain, although I think it helped. But it REALLY helped with my anxiety. I usually have moderate anxiety, though I haven't gone to a doctor for it. I was also in the middle of a bad breakup and was feeling very on edge. When I took tramadol, it calmed me down and made me think quite clearly. I could think about things I was worried about but not be anxious about it. The heavy gut, on-edge feeling went away and I felt able to confront thoughts without them overwhelming me. It was really awesome! It made me very mildly sleepy sometimes, but not badly. I've taken xanax before and felt like that made me feel more out of it than tramadol did.”2015For Depression:		“I have been depression for over 7 years but in that short period of time I was immediately suicidal. By "fate" I found my salvation. One day I was saying my goodbye to all as I could not live any longer with such sadness and complete doom. I was sitting with my mom and during all the crying I told her I had a severe headache. She only had tramadol. I took two. It saved my life that day and is still. I had tried before and even after all kinds of other medicines and none worked.”2015For Pain:		“I have severe kidney stones and back and joint pain. I took lortab for years. I wanted to get off the heavy duty pain meds. My Dr. suggested tramadol 50mg. I really had little hope it would help. I was shocked when it worked. I take 3 50mg tabs a day. It gave me my life back. My Dr. told me to try it and if it didn't work I could go back to the lortab. There's no need for that now. I only wish I discovered it sooner!”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“I have chronic pain from a accident and have had a lot of surgeries and Ultram has been a big help with keep the pain bearable!”2015For Back Pain:		“I'm 25 years old in a year ago to this day I suffered an accident which caused my back hurts a lot I've been having back pain for one year straight off and on. I have two little kids I have to keep up with so this is just awful and terrible for me the pain feels like a burning sensation. I was taking Vicodin for the pain and I seem to work kind of but as soon as I started to take tramadol I feel like it worked better the first couple of times. I will admit it didn't really help but I've recently been having really good experience with it that it's been really working. I think it was just because of my high tolerance to Vicodin. It wasn't working but recently I've been having a great experience it's a miracle medicine for me.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia about 10 years ago and have been on many different Rx regimes including Tylenol 3 and 4, Cymbalta, Lyrica and
Tramadol with Tramadol being the most effective. At my highest point I was up to 400 mg per day and that just made my entire personality change for the worse so I backed off to 50 mg 
4 times a day. Recently I have experienced severe gastrointestinal issues all pointing towards the Tramadol usage so I decided to wean myself off it. After 2 days at 100 mg a day big trouble, now have insomnia,  anxiety, foot cramps, sweats, agitation and overall pain.”2015For Anxiety:		“I've tried over 13 medications for anxiety and none have worked not even the popular benzodiazepines. I tried 100mg of Tramadol and I felt the weight lifted from me. I felt like I could breath easier and relaxed.  It's the only thing that has worked. I'm looking for a doctor now who has experience with long term use or perhaps a doctor that can recommend a medication knowing that Tramadol works for me.”2015Ultram (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Good relief with NO fog.”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I used to suffer from terrible restless legs syndrome, with countless sleepless nights. My doctor and I tried all sorts of medicine, from Sifrol/parkinson's medication, to valium, but none were very effective and/or had way too many side effects.

Then I started taking 100mg Tramadol and I haven't looked back since. I sleep well each and every night, wake up refreshed and my restless legs syndrome is totally eliminated. I'm not having any side effects either.

This is a wonder drug for people with RLS. It really gives you your life back!”2015Ultram ER (tramadol) for Chronic Pain:		“Could not stay on Norco long term. Tried the IR, Tramadol but it did nothing. The Tramadol ER was very very different and works wonderfully. I rarely experience head pain over a 3-4 pain scale. I take this daily, every morning 100mg.”2015For Pain:		“Very mild pain relief. Can't believe it's a Class 3 medicine. The relief is not the same as other pain relievers. Sometimes it does nothing to relieve pain. However, each person reacts differently to pain relievers. It seems I have a high tolerance level.”2015For Pain:		“As I'm allergic to Codeine and have had 4 major surgeryies for Cancer in the last 12 months,I thank God for Tramadol .Fast ,effective relief during a time of great anxiety and discomfort. We all react differently to medications but if recommended by your MD give it a try”2015For Restless Legs Syndrome:		“I have had restless leg for quite a few years and was on on Oxycodone for pain and noticed it helped the restless leg at night, but a friend had me try tramadol and worked well, told my doctor and now I take it at night 100 to 150 mg.”2015For Pain:		“I have been prescribed this medication a couple of different times. Each time I experienced headache, severe nausea and lightheadedness each time I took a dose.  Totally not worth it to me”2015For Pain:		“The first time I took it,  50mg, it made me light headed, so I no longer used it until I had shoulder surgery. I would take one before bed time and did real well on it. No side affects, helped me sleep better, too!”2015For Depression:		“I have been on EVERY antidepressant over 20 years. I was prescribed Tramadol for a toothache. Not much help on the pain, but within a hour, I felt hope, energy, and have been on the same 200mg for 4 years without any problems!!!”2015For Chronic Pain:		“It works really well for all my ailments. I have been on alot of pain medicine that controlled my life. Taken tramadol has let me take control of my life back.”2015For Pain:		“Was given tramadol for extreme pain from kidney stone that would pass. Couldn't get into specialist for a week. Very thankful it really helped with the pain
Side effects for me sleeplessness, mild itching on face. Only made me tired and dizzy for the first hour or so.”2015For Pain:		“I was diagnosed with tendonitis and arthritis in the neck and was prescribed tramadol. It has really worked for me. I mostly take it at night, 1 tablet, to get some relief and some sleep for a few hours without pain. I used to take Percocet when I had a herniated disc in my back and although I got some relief, I was severely constipated, which I never am because I have colitis. After 2 bottles of stool softeners, a bottle of Metamucil, I was finally able to go. I got an intestinal infection because I couldn't go and I swore I'd never take Percocet again. Tramadol is strong and can have side effects such as stomach cramps and nausea but only if taken on an empty stomach. It has to be taken with food to avoid the side effects.”2015For Fibromyalgia:		“I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia six years ago - have tried everything (and I mean EVERYTHING, from Amitriptyline to Zoloft & all combinations!) Nothing works as well as Ultram, and nothing else comes close (for me) with as little side effects. Not sure why docs don't want to prescribe this sometimes? I've read posts about the "addictive" factor. Well, I took Vicodin daily for years and that isn't any better! I took Vicodin with various antidepressants (not much help there) Tramadol is safer than Vicodin - easier on your organs. QUALITY OF LIFE matters, and this medicine takes the edge off of pains, aches, depression AND anxiety (including social anxiety). I take 50mg twice a day & feel almost normal - happy, I laugh more, do more. Grateful for this med!”2015For Pain:		“Very little pain relief, just a sick stomach and a very clamy sick feeling in the morning.”2015